A0 103-series Tourists had their speed transmissions and ten inch wheels , enlarged from the three speed transmissions and eight inch wheels of earlier models .
A0 103-series Tourists transmitted four times and had ten inch wheels , enlarged from the three speed transmissions and eight inch wheels of earlier models .
A0 103-series Tourists were transmitted four times and had ten inch wheels , enlarged from the three speed transmissions and eight inch wheels of earlier models .
A0 103-series Tourists had four speed transmissions and ten inch wheels , enlarged from the three speed transmissions and eight inch wheels of earlier models .
-------------------
A0 Non-breaking space ( NBSP ) has its precedent in word processors designed for the IBM PC .
preceded -5.34
preceded in -5.723
A0 Non-breaking space ( NBSP ) precedes in word processors designed for the IBM PC .
A0 Non-breaking space ( NBSP ) is preceded in word processors designed for the IBM PC .
A0 Non-breaking space ( NBSP ) has some precedent in word processors designed for the IBM PC .
-------------------
A 1080p TV has its resolution for use as a computer monitor , but you may have a hard time finding one that small and in your price range .
Adverb - suitably , l
resolved -4.786
resolved for -7.238
A 1080p TV suitably resolves use as a computer monitor , but you may have a hard time finding one that small and in your price range . 
A 1080p TV is suitably resolved use as a computer monitor , but you may have a hard time finding one that small and in your price range . 
A 1080p TV has suitable resolution for use as a computer monitor , but you may have a hard time finding one that small and in your price range .
-------------------
A-10 Thunderbolts provide their air support to troops on the ground .
Adverb - close , s
supported -4.354
supported to -6.645
A-10 Thunderbolts support close troops on the ground . 
A-10 Thunderbolts are supported close troops on the ground . 
A-10 Thunderbolts provide close air support to troops on the ground .
-------------------
A 10-year-old orphan raises his hand against a police officer who commits his/her act of injustice .
A 10-year-old orphan raises his hand against a police officer who acts of injustice .
A 10-year-old orphan raises his hand against a police officer who is acted of injustice .
A 10-year-old orphan raises his hand against a police officer who commits an act of injustice .
-------------------
A1172 junction in Cramlington , and Avery Dennison UK make their labels on the Nelson Industrial Estate off of the A192 .
A1172 junction in Cramlington , and Avery Dennison UK label on the Nelson Industrial Estate off of the A192 .
A1172 junction in Cramlington , and Avery Dennison UK are labelled on the Nelson Industrial Estate off of the A192 .
A1172 junction in Cramlington , and Avery Dennison UK make labels on the Nelson Industrial Estate off of the A192 .
-------------------
A 1276 document among Bishop Swinefield 's household records makes its promise to pay Thomas of Brydges an annual retainer fee for acting as champion , with additional stipend and expenses paid for each fight .
A 1276 document among Bishop Swinefield 's household records promises to pay Thomas of Brydges an annual retainer fee for acting as champion , with additional stipend and expenses paid for each fight .
A 1276 document among Bishop Swinefield 's household records is promised to pay Thomas of Brydges an annual retainer fee for acting as champion , with additional stipend and expenses paid for each fight .
A 1276 document among Bishop Swinefield 's household records makes the promise to pay Thomas of Brydges an annual retainer fee for acting as champion , with additional stipend and expenses paid for each fight .
-------------------
A 12-month long investigation by The Saturday Age , a Melbourne newspaper , has suggested that `` Two of Australia 's best-known football brands , Sherrin and Canterbury , have their operations in India that use banned child labour .
operated -4.59
operated in -6.05
A 12-month long investigation by The Saturday Age , a Melbourne newspaper , has suggested that `` Two of Australia 's best-known football brands , Sherrin and Canterbury , operate in India that use banned child labour .
A 12-month long investigation by The Saturday Age , a Melbourne newspaper , has suggested that `` Two of Australia 's best-known football brands , Sherrin and Canterbury , are operated in India that use banned child labour .
A 12-month long investigation by The Saturday Age , a Melbourne newspaper , has suggested that `` Two of Australia 's best-known football brands , Sherrin and Canterbury , have operations in India that use banned child labour .
-------------------
A 12 page computer generated report shows its scores on how the person behaved on 10 dichotomous behavioral dimensions and whether the person saw the outcome as destructive or constructive .
A 12 page computer generated report scores on how the person behaved on 10 dichotomous behavioral dimensions and whether the person saw the outcome as destructive or constructive .
A 12 page computer generated report is scored on how the person behaved on 10 dichotomous behavioral dimensions and whether the person saw the outcome as destructive or constructive .
A 12 page computer generated report shows scores on how the person behaved on 10 dichotomous behavioral dimensions and whether the person saw the outcome as destructive or constructive .
-------------------
A 12-page computer generated report shows its scores on how the person behaved on 10 dichotomous behavioral dimensions and whether the person saw the outcome as destructive or constructive .
A 12-page computer generated report scores on how the person behaved on 10 dichotomous behavioral dimensions and whether the person saw the outcome as destructive or constructive .
A 12-page computer generated report is scored on how the person behaved on 10 dichotomous behavioral dimensions and whether the person saw the outcome as destructive or constructive .
A 12-page computer generated report shows scores on how the person behaved on 10 dichotomous behavioral dimensions and whether the person saw the outcome as destructive or constructive .
-------------------
A 12-year-old boy spends a day training at the RCMP Academy , Depot Division ; a woman shows his/her designs to Oscar de la Renta ; a young couple eat breakfast in Halifax , lunch in Toronto , and supper in Vancouver .
designed -4.002
designed to -4.427
A 12-year-old boy spends a day training at the RCMP Academy , Depot Division ; a woman designs to Oscar de la Renta ; a young couple eat breakfast in Halifax , lunch in Toronto , and supper in Vancouver .
A 12-year-old boy spends a day training at the RCMP Academy , Depot Division ; a woman is designed to Oscar de la Renta ; a young couple eat breakfast in Halifax , lunch in Toronto , and supper in Vancouver .
A 12-year-old boy spends a day training at the RCMP Academy , Depot Division ; a woman shows her designs to Oscar de la Renta ; a young couple eat breakfast in Halifax , lunch in Toronto , and supper in Vancouver .
-------------------
A14 junction in Burton Latimer is Alpro UK who make their milk products .
A14 junction in Burton Latimer is Alpro UK who produce .
A14 junction in Burton Latimer is Alpro UK who are produced .
A14 junction in Burton Latimer is Alpro UK who make soya milk products .
-------------------
A 14-man team makes its preparations to remove the wreck of the New Flame .
A 14-man team prepares to remove the wreck of the New Flame .
A 14-man team is prepared to remove the wreck of the New Flame .
A 14-man team makes preparations to remove the wreck of the New Flame .
-------------------
A 14th-century letter from Zadar ( origin of the Iadera dialect ) shows its influence from Venetian , the language that after years under Venetian rule extinguished Iadera and other dialects of Dalmatian .
Adverb - strongly , l
A 14th-century letter from Zadar ( origin of the Iadera dialect ) strongly influences from Venetian , the language that after years under Venetian rule extinguished Iadera and other dialects of Dalmatian .
A 14th-century letter from Zadar ( origin of the Iadera dialect ) is strongly influenced from Venetian , the language that after years under Venetian rule extinguished Iadera and other dialects of Dalmatian .
A 14th-century letter from Zadar ( origin of the Iadera dialect ) shows strong influence from Venetian , the language that after years under Venetian rule extinguished Iadera and other dialects of Dalmatian .
-------------------
A14 toll road between Huntingdon and Cambridge gets its government backing , BBC new website , 2013-06-27 .
A14 toll road between Huntingdon and Cambridge backs , BBC new website , 2013-06-27 .
A14 toll road between Huntingdon and Cambridge is backed , BBC new website , 2013-06-27 .
A14 toll road between Huntingdon and Cambridge gets government backing , BBC new website , 2013-06-27 .
-------------------
A 14-yard completion to the 6-yard line put the Hoosiers in prime position to add another seven points , but the Spartans made their goal line stand , only allowing Indiana to get a field goal .
A 14-yard completion to the 6-yard line put the Hoosiers in prime position to add another seven points , but the Spartans stood , only allowing Indiana to get a field goal .
A 14-yard completion to the 6-yard line put the Hoosiers in prime position to add another seven points , but the Spartans were stood , only allowing Indiana to get a field goal .
A 14-yard completion to the 6-yard line put the Hoosiers in prime position to add another seven points , but the Spartans made a goal line stand , only allowing Indiana to get a field goal .
-------------------
A 1561 bronze commemorative medal by Gianfederico Bonzagna shows its plan by Michelangelo , very different from his final design .
Adverb - early , l
A 1561 bronze commemorative medal by Gianfederico Bonzagna early plans by Michelangelo , very different from his final design .
A 1561 bronze commemorative medal by Gianfederico Bonzagna is early planned by Michelangelo , very different from his final design .
A 1561 bronze commemorative medal by Gianfederico Bonzagna shows an early plan by Michelangelo , very different from his final design .
-------------------
A 1592 tapestry of the Valencian Parliament shows its representative with the old Valencian name Vilareal .
A 1592 tapestry of the Valencian Parliament represents with the old Valencian name Vilareal .
A 1592 tapestry of the Valencian Parliament is represented with the old Valencian name Vilareal .
A 1592 tapestry of the Valencian Parliament shows the city 's representative with the old Valencian name Vilareal .
-------------------
A 15-minute single level with only one boss right at the end , where no continues are allowed and no 1UPs are available ( you get your lives with which to battle all the way to the end , and if you blow it there are no second chances ) .
A 15-minute single level with only one boss right at the end , where no continues are allowed and no 1UPs are available ( you live thrice with which to battle all the way to the end , and if you blow it there are no second chances ) .
A 15-minute single level with only one boss right at the end , where no continues are allowed and no 1UPs are available ( you are lived thrice with which to battle all the way to the end , and if you blow it there are no second chances ) .
A 15-minute single level with only one boss right at the end , where no continues are allowed and no 1UPs are available ( you get three lives with which to battle all the way to the end , and if you blow it there are no second chances ) .
-------------------
A 15th magnitude star has its separation of 42 arcseconds , while a 12th magnitude star is 95 arcseconds away .
separated -4.919
separated of -8.493
A 15th magnitude star separates 42 arcseconds , while a 12th magnitude star is 95 arcseconds away . 
A 15th magnitude star is separated 42 arcseconds , while a 12th magnitude star is 95 arcseconds away . 
A 15th magnitude star has a separation of 42 arcseconds , while a 12th magnitude star is 95 arcseconds away .
-------------------
A 15-year-old girl takes up his/her drinking to impress a boy ; instead , she soon develops a serious problem .
A 15-year-old girl drinks to impress a boy ; instead , she soon develops a serious problem .
A 15-year-old girl is drunk to impress a boy ; instead , she soon develops a serious problem .
A 15-year-old girl takes up drinking to impress a boy ; instead , she soon develops a serious problem .
-------------------
A 1603 Japanese-Portuguese dictionary has its entry for namanrina sushi , literally half-made sushi .
entered -4.467
entered for -6.141
A 1603 Japanese-Portuguese dictionary enters for namanrina sushi , literally half-made sushi .
A 1603 Japanese-Portuguese dictionary is entered for namanrina sushi , literally half-made sushi .
A 1603 Japanese-Portuguese dictionary has an entry for namanrina sushi , literally half-made sushi .
-------------------
A 1612 seal of Trinity College Dublin shows its cross and saltire flags .
A 1612 seal of Trinity College Dublin crosses and shows saltire flags .
A 1612 seal of Trinity College Dublin is crossed and shows saltire flags .
A 1612 seal of Trinity College Dublin shows uncoloured cross and saltire flags .
-------------------
A 1617 land survey of Cerne Abbas makes its mention of the Giant , suggesting that it may not have been there at the time or perhaps overgrown .
A 1617 land survey of Cerne Abbas does not mention the Giant , suggesting that it may not have been there at the time or perhaps overgrown . 
A 1617 land survey of Cerne Abbas is not mentioned the Giant , suggesting that it may not have been there at the time or perhaps overgrown . 
A 1617 land survey of Cerne Abbas makes no mention of the Giant , suggesting that it may not have been there at the time or perhaps overgrown .
-------------------
A 1659 drawing shows its entrance with a grand , arched colonnade .
A 1659 drawing enters with a grand , arched colonnade .
A 1659 drawing is entered with a grand , arched colonnade .
A 1659 drawing shows an entrance with a grand , arched colonnade .
-------------------
A 1673 protocol has its reference to him as `` Svend Poulsen Gynge '' , Gynge being the contemporary Danish name for the two Göinge ( ) hundreds in Scania .
Adverb - earliest , s
referred -4.64
referred to -4.711
A 1673 protocol refers earliest to him as `` Svend Poulsen Gynge '' , Gynge being the contemporary Danish name for the two Göinge ( ) hundreds in Scania .
A 1673 protocol is referred earliest to him as `` Svend Poulsen Gynge '' , Gynge being the contemporary Danish name for the two Göinge ( ) hundreds in Scania .
A 1673 protocol has the earliest reference to him as `` Svend Poulsen Gynge '' , Gynge being the contemporary Danish name for the two Göinge ( ) hundreds in Scania .
-------------------
A 1681 pamphlet gives its description of Redmond O'Hanlon , `` .
A 1681 pamphlet describes Redmond O'Hanlon , `` . 
A 1681 pamphlet is described Redmond O'Hanlon , `` . 
A 1681 pamphlet gives the following description of Redmond O'Hanlon , `` .
-------------------
A 1761 map by Journain de la Brosse shows its trail at the location of the current street called Chemin des Sauvages de la Montagne .
A 1761 map by Journain de la Brosse trails at the location of the current street called Chemin des Sauvages de la Montagne .
A 1761 map by Journain de la Brosse is trailed at the location of the current street called Chemin des Sauvages de la Montagne .
A 1761 map by Journain de la Brosse shows a trail at the location of the current street called Chemin des Sauvages de la Montagne .
-------------------
A 1762 plan in the castle archive shows its plan for a pleasure garden laid out along the upper ground leading to the tower .
A 1762 plan in the castle archive plans a pleasure garden laid out along the upper ground leading to the tower . 
A 1762 plan in the castle archive is planned a pleasure garden laid out along the upper ground leading to the tower . 
A 1762 plan in the castle archive shows a plan for a pleasure garden laid out along the upper ground leading to the tower .
-------------------
A 17 jewel watch has its bearing from the balance wheel to the center wheel pivot bearings jeweled , so it was considered a 'fully jeweled ' watch .
A 17 jewel watch bears from the balance wheel to the center wheel pivot bearings jeweled , so it was considered a 'fully jeweled ' watch .
A 17 jewel watch is borne from the balance wheel to the center wheel pivot bearings jeweled , so it was considered a 'fully jeweled ' watch .
A 17 jewel watch has every bearing from the balance wheel to the center wheel pivot bearings jeweled , so it was considered a 'fully jeweled ' watch .
-------------------
A 17th-century copy of the painting by Gerrit Lundens at the National Gallery , London shows its composition .
Adverb - originally , l
A 17th-century copy of the painting by Gerrit Lundens at the National Gallery , London originally composes .
A 17th-century copy of the painting by Gerrit Lundens at the National Gallery , London is originally composed .
A 17th-century copy of the painting by Gerrit Lundens at the National Gallery , London shows the original composition .
-------------------
A 17th-century manuscript preserved in the Trinity College Library , describing the ceremonies accompanying conferral of degrees , makes its mention of graduates in medicine .
A 17th - century manuscript preserved in the Trinity College Library , describing the ceremonies accompanying conferral of degrees , does not mention graduates in medicine . 
A 17th - century manuscript preserved in the Trinity College Library , describing the ceremonies accompanying conferral of degrees , is not mentioned graduates in medicine . 
A 17th-century manuscript preserved in the Trinity College Library , describing the ceremonies accompanying conferral of degrees , makes no mention of graduates in medicine .
-------------------
A 17-year-old becomes addicted to gambling , which soon takes over its life .
A 17-year-old becomes addicted to gambling , which soon lives .
A 17-year-old becomes addicted to gambling , which soon is lived .
A 17-year-old becomes addicted to gambling , which soon takes over his life .
-------------------
A 1819 letter to the painter John Constable remarked that `` we have our picture sellers everywhere in Birmingham '' .
A 1819 letter to the painter John Constable remarked that `` we sell everywhere in Birmingham '' .
A 1819 letter to the painter John Constable remarked that `` we are sold everywhere in Birmingham '' .
A 1819 letter to the painter John Constable remarked that `` we have picture sellers everywhere in Birmingham '' .
-------------------
A-18 Hornet makes its landing , its autopilot linked to a ground radar at Naval Air Test Center Patuxent River , Maryland .
A-18 Hornet lands , its autopilot linked to a ground radar at Naval Air Test Center Patuxent River , Maryland .
A-18 Hornet is landed , its autopilot linked to a ground radar at Naval Air Test Center Patuxent River , Maryland .
A-18 Hornet makes a fully automated landing , its autopilot linked to a ground radar at Naval Air Test Center Patuxent River , Maryland .
-------------------
A-18 Hornets and provided their cannon runs into Taliban positions .
A-18 Hornets and ran two 20mm times into Taliban positions .
A-18 Hornets and were run two 20mm times into Taliban positions .
A-18 Hornets and provided two 20mm cannon runs into Taliban positions .
-------------------
A 1904 timetable for the Panama Railroad shows its stop called `` Pedro Miguel Tank '' , half a mile south of Pedro Miguel proper .
A 1904 timetable for the Panama Railroad stops called `` Pedro Miguel Tank '' , half a mile south of Pedro Miguel proper .
A 1904 timetable for the Panama Railroad is stopped called `` Pedro Miguel Tank '' , half a mile south of Pedro Miguel proper .
A 1904 timetable for the Panama Railroad shows a stop called `` Pedro Miguel Tank '' , half a mile south of Pedro Miguel proper .
-------------------
A 1909 Ordnance Survey map shows its buildings on top of the tunnel 's location , suggesting that it was not stable to be built upon at this time .
A 1909 Ordnance Survey map does not build on top of the tunnel 's location , suggesting that it was not stable to be built upon at this time .
A 1909 Ordnance Survey map is not built on top of the tunnel 's location , suggesting that it was not stable to be built upon at this time .
A 1909 Ordnance Survey map shows no buildings on top of the tunnel 's location , suggesting that it was not stable to be built upon at this time .
-------------------
A 1911 photograph shows the Dallas Shakespeare Society , the area 's oldest literary organization , on the steps of the clubhouse , where it had held its meeting .
Adverb - annually , l
A 1911 photograph shows the Dallas Shakespeare Society , the area 's oldest literary organization , on the steps of the clubhouse , where it had annually met .
A 1911 photograph shows the Dallas Shakespeare Society , the area 's oldest literary organization , on the steps of the clubhouse , where it had been annually met .
A 1911 photograph shows the Dallas Shakespeare Society , the area 's oldest literary organization , on the steps of the clubhouse , where it had held its annual meeting .
-------------------
A 1915 article in Overland Monthly magazine made its note of the birds ' annual habit of nesting beneath the Mission 's eaves and archways from Spring through Fall , and made the swallows the `` signature icon '' of the Mission ; Father O'Sullivan utilized interest in the phenomenon to generate public interest in restoration efforts during his two decades in residence .
A 1915 article in Overland Monthly magazine noted the birds ' annual habit of nesting beneath the Mission 's eaves and archways from Spring through Fall , and made the swallows the `` signature icon '' of the Mission ; Father O'Sullivan utilized interest in the phenomenon to generate public interest in restoration efforts during his two decades in residence . 
A 1915 article in Overland Monthly magazine was noted the birds ' annual habit of nesting beneath the Mission 's eaves and archways from Spring through Fall , and made the swallows the `` signature icon '' of the Mission ; Father O'Sullivan utilized interest in the phenomenon to generate public interest in restoration efforts during his two decades in residence . 
A 1915 article in Overland Monthly magazine made note of the birds ' annual habit of nesting beneath the Mission 's eaves and archways from Spring through Fall , and made the swallows the `` signature icon '' of the Mission ; Father O'Sullivan utilized interest in the phenomenon to generate public interest in restoration efforts during his two decades in residence .
-------------------
A 1915 fire insurance map shows its buildings ( poultry , dairy , horse barns and exhibition building ) a grandstand and half mile track and Palace on the property .
A 1915 fire insurance map builds ( poultry , dairy , horse barns and exhibition building ) a grandstand and half mile track and Palace on the property .
A 1915 fire insurance map is built ( poultry , dairy , horse barns and exhibition building ) a grandstand and half mile track and Palace on the property .
A 1915 fire insurance map shows buildings ( poultry , dairy , horse barns and exhibition building ) a grandstand and half mile track and Palace on the property .
-------------------
A 1915 postcard shows its header train with a rear helper locomotive climbing the Denver and Rio Grande Western grade up Soldier Summit in Utah .
A 1915 postcard trains with a rear helper locomotive climbing the Denver and Rio Grande Western grade up Soldier Summit in Utah .
A 1915 postcard is trained with a rear helper locomotive climbing the Denver and Rio Grande Western grade up Soldier Summit in Utah .
A 1915 postcard shows a four header train with a rear helper locomotive climbing the Denver and Rio Grande Western grade up Soldier Summit in Utah .
-------------------
A 1923 article in Today 's Housewife takes its note of her memorial grove and describes her `` every summer wearing for the most part of the day a wide brimmed hat and summer dress , out among her flowers and vegetables , happy to be back upon the land and to take an interest in crops and stock .
A 1923 article in Today 's Housewife notes her memorial grove and describes her `` every summer wearing for the most part of the day a wide brimmed hat and summer dress , out among her flowers and vegetables , happy to be back upon the land and to take an interest in crops and stock . 
A 1923 article in Today 's Housewife is noted her memorial grove and describes her `` every summer wearing for the most part of the day a wide brimmed hat and summer dress , out among her flowers and vegetables , happy to be back upon the land and to take an interest in crops and stock . 
A 1923 article in Today 's Housewife takes note of her memorial grove and describes her `` every summer wearing for the most part of the day a wide brimmed hat and summer dress , out among her flowers and vegetables , happy to be back upon the land and to take an interest in crops and stock .
-------------------
A 1926 Wanamaker 's ad in The New York Times offers its records `` by the latest Victor process of electrical recording .
A 1926 Wanamaker 's ad in The New York Times records `` by the latest Victor process of electrical recording .
A 1926 Wanamaker 's ad in The New York Times is recorded `` by the latest Victor process of electrical recording .
A 1926 Wanamaker 's ad in The New York Times offers records `` by the latest Victor process of electrical recording .
-------------------
A 1947 concert recording with Concertgebouw Orchestra has its timings of I .
timed -5.517
timed of -9.187
A 1947 concert recording with Concertgebouw Orchestra times I . 
A 1947 concert recording with Concertgebouw Orchestra is timed I . 
A 1947 concert recording with Concertgebouw Orchestra has timings of I .
-------------------
A 1948 sketch by Martin shows its design of the concert hall as the egg in a box .
designed -4.002
designed of -7.716
A 1948 sketch by Martin designs the concert hall as the egg in a box . 
A 1948 sketch by Martin is designed the concert hall as the egg in a box . 
A 1948 sketch by Martin shows the design of the concert hall as the egg in a box .
-------------------
A 1952 film based on a play of the same title about a loveless marriage where the husband played by Burt Lancaster is an alcoholic who gets his/her help from 2 members of the local AA chapter .
A 1952 film based on a play of the same title about a loveless marriage where the husband played by Burt Lancaster is an alcoholic who helps 2 members of the local AA chapter . 
A 1952 film based on a play of the same title about a loveless marriage where the husband played by Burt Lancaster is an alcoholic who is helped 2 members of the local AA chapter . 
A 1952 film based on a play of the same title about a loveless marriage where the husband played by Burt Lancaster is an alcoholic who gets help from 2 members of the local AA chapter .
-------------------
A 1967 article in Time Magazine asserted that the hippie movement has its precedent in the counterculture of the Ancient Greeks , espoused by philosophers like Diogenes of Sinope and the Cynics .
Adverb - historically , l
preceded -5.34
preceded in -5.723
A 1967 article in Time Magazine asserted that the hippie movement historically precedes in the counterculture of the Ancient Greeks , espoused by philosophers like Diogenes of Sinope and the Cynics .
A 1967 article in Time Magazine asserted that the hippie movement is historically preceded in the counterculture of the Ancient Greeks , espoused by philosophers like Diogenes of Sinope and the Cynics .
A 1967 article in Time Magazine asserted that the hippie movement has a historical precedent in the counterculture of the Ancient Greeks , espoused by philosophers like Diogenes of Sinope and the Cynics .
-------------------
A 1970 gig at the Royal Festival Hall , supporting Fotheringay with Nick Drake , earned a positive review from critic Karl Dallas , who noted that all three acts showed their promise rather than fulfilment '' , and observed that `` Gerry Rafferty 's songs have the sweet tenderness of Paul McCartney in his 'Yesterday ' mood '' .
A 1970 gig at the Royal Festival Hall , supporting Fotheringay with Nick Drake , earned a positive review from critic Karl Dallas , who noted that all three acts promised rather than fulfilment '' , and observed that `` Gerry Rafferty 's songs have the sweet tenderness of Paul McCartney in his 'Yesterday ' mood '' .
A 1970 gig at the Royal Festival Hall , supporting Fotheringay with Nick Drake , earned a positive review from critic Karl Dallas , who noted that all three acts were promised rather than fulfilment '' , and observed that `` Gerry Rafferty 's songs have the sweet tenderness of Paul McCartney in his 'Yesterday ' mood '' .
A 1970 gig at the Royal Festival Hall , supporting Fotheringay with Nick Drake , earned a positive review from critic Karl Dallas , who noted that all three acts showed `` promise rather than fulfilment '' , and observed that `` Gerry Rafferty 's songs have the sweet tenderness of Paul McCartney in his 'Yesterday ' mood '' .
-------------------
A 1971 graduate of Saratoga High School By the time she reached her States Olympic Trials at Hayward Field in Eugene , Oregon , she was a one of the favorites in the 800 metres behind two-time winner Madeline Manning .
A 1971 graduate of Saratoga High School By the time she tried 1976 times at Hayward Field in Eugene , Oregon , she was a one of the favorites in the 800 metres behind two-time winner Madeline Manning .
A 1971 graduate of Saratoga High School By the time she was tried 1976 times at Hayward Field in Eugene , Oregon , she was a one of the favorites in the 800 metres behind two-time winner Madeline Manning .
A 1971 graduate of Saratoga High School By the time she reached the 1976 United States Olympic Trials at Hayward Field in Eugene , Oregon , she was a one of the favorites in the 800 metres behind two-time winner Madeline Manning .
-------------------
A 1971 graduate of Washington and Lee University , he did his work at Johns Hopkins and then at Harvard where he received his Ph .
A 1971 graduate of Washington and Lee University , he worked at Johns Hopkins and then at Harvard where he received his Ph .
A 1971 graduate of Washington and Lee University , he was worked at Johns Hopkins and then at Harvard where he received his Ph .
A 1971 graduate of Washington and Lee University , he did his graduate work at Johns Hopkins and then at Harvard where he received his Ph .
-------------------
A 1972 edition has its notes by Daniel Marder .
A 1972 edition notes by Daniel Marder .
A 1972 edition is noted by Daniel Marder .
A 1972 edition has notes by Daniel Marder .
-------------------
A 1974 Chevrolet stepvan ice cream truck makes its appearances in the film , but is destroyed at the end .
Adverb - severely , l
appeared -4.697
appeared in -5.247
A 1974 Chevrolet stepvan ice cream truck severely appears in the film , but is destroyed at the end .
A 1974 Chevrolet stepvan ice cream truck is severely appeared in the film , but is destroyed at the end .
A 1974 Chevrolet stepvan ice cream truck makes several appearances in the film , but is destroyed at the end .
-------------------
A 1979 report said that while traffic forecasts showed their growth , upgrades to existing roads would be sufficient to handle traffic needs .
Adverb - continually , l
A 1979 report said that while traffic forecasts continually grew , upgrades to existing roads would be sufficient to handle traffic needs .
A 1979 report said that while traffic forecasts were continually grown , upgrades to existing roads would be sufficient to handle traffic needs .
A 1979 report said that while traffic forecasts showed continued growth , upgrades to existing roads would be sufficient to handle traffic needs .
-------------------
A 1981 Peelings II review noted that while the program makes its attempt at applying formal learning theory in a way that is comfortably , easy-paced , and non-intimidating , Arithmetic Skills `` is also devoid of the fun aspect that makes computerized learning human and inspiring .
A 1981 Peelings II review noted that while the program attempts at applying formal learning theory in a way that is comfortably , easy-paced , and non-intimidating , Arithmetic Skills `` is also devoid of the fun aspect that makes computerized learning human and inspiring .
A 1981 Peelings II review noted that while the program is attempted at applying formal learning theory in a way that is comfortably , easy-paced , and non-intimidating , Arithmetic Skills `` is also devoid of the fun aspect that makes computerized learning human and inspiring .
A 1981 Peelings II review noted that while the program makes an attempt at applying formal learning theory in a way that is comfortably , easy-paced , and non-intimidating , Arithmetic Skills `` is also devoid of the fun aspect that makes computerized learning human and inspiring .
-------------------
A 1981 review in Artweek stated `` These intricately constructed pieces are related to wall sculpture , bridging the gap between painting and sculpture , they have their presence .
A 1981 review in Artweek stated `` These intricately constructed pieces are related to wall sculpture , bridging the gap between painting and sculpture , they present .
A 1981 review in Artweek stated `` These intricately constructed pieces are related to wall sculpture , bridging the gap between painting and sculpture , they are presented .
A 1981 review in Artweek stated `` These intricately constructed pieces are related to wall sculpture , bridging the gap between painting and sculpture , they have an illusionary sculptural presence .
-------------------
A 1981 trilateral ( Belize , Guatemala , and the United Kingdom ) `` Heads of Agreement '' was encouraged by the United Nations , which had already recognized Belize 's independence , and although the Heads of Agreement would have given only partial control and access to assets in each other 's nations , it collapsed when Guatemala renewed its claims to Belize soil and Belizeans rioted against the British and their own government , claiming the Belizean negotiators were making their concessions to Guatemala .
conceded -6.046
conceded to -7.28
A 1981 trilateral ( Belize , Guatemala , and the United Kingdom ) `` Heads of Agreement '' was encouraged by the United Nations , which had already recognized Belize 's independence , and although the Heads of Agreement would have given only partial control and access to assets in each other 's nations , it collapsed when Guatemala renewed its claims to Belize soil and Belizeans rioted against the British and their own government , claiming the Belizean negotiators were conceding to Guatemala .
A 1981 trilateral ( Belize , Guatemala , and the United Kingdom ) `` Heads of Agreement '' was encouraged by the United Nations , which had already recognized Belize 's independence , and although the Heads of Agreement would have given only partial control and access to assets in each other 's nations , it collapsed when Guatemala renewed its claims to Belize soil and Belizeans rioted against the British and their own government , claiming the Belizean negotiators were being conceded to Guatemala .
A 1981 trilateral ( Belize , Guatemala , and the United Kingdom ) `` Heads of Agreement '' was encouraged by the United Nations , which had already recognized Belize 's independence , and although the Heads of Agreement would have given only partial control and access to assets in each other 's nations , it collapsed when Guatemala renewed its claims to Belize soil and Belizeans rioted against the British and their own government , claiming the Belizean negotiators were making too many concessions to Guatemala .
-------------------
A 1986 film based on an actual rivalry and game between small town Taft High School Rockets ( Wildcats ) and the larger and highly successful Bakersfield High School Tigers ( Drillers ) who actually have their California school record for most wins , most section titles , and most State titles .
recorded -4.5
recorded for -6.121
A 1986 film based on an actual rivalry and game between small town Taft High School Rockets ( Wildcats ) and the larger and highly successful Bakersfield High School Tigers ( Drillers ) who actually record for most wins , most section titles , and most State titles .
A 1986 film based on an actual rivalry and game between small town Taft High School Rockets ( Wildcats ) and the larger and highly successful Bakersfield High School Tigers ( Drillers ) who actually are recorded for most wins , most section titles , and most State titles .
A 1986 film based on an actual rivalry and game between small town Taft High School Rockets ( Wildcats ) and the larger and highly successful Bakersfield High School Tigers ( Drillers ) who actually have the California high school record for most wins , most section titles , and most State titles .
-------------------
A 1994 article in Insight Magazine drew its attention to claims that he was either incorrectly found guilty , or grossly over-sentenced , and denied due process of law applicable to his defense .
A 1994 article in Insight Magazine attended to claims that he was either incorrectly found guilty , or grossly over-sentenced , and denied due process of law applicable to his defense .
A 1994 article in Insight Magazine was attended to claims that he was either incorrectly found guilty , or grossly over-sentenced , and denied due process of law applicable to his defense .
A 1994 article in Insight Magazine drew attention to claims that he was either incorrectly found guilty , or grossly over-sentenced , and denied due process of law applicable to his defense .
-------------------
A 1994 ( old ) physics paper gives its limit of about 0 .
A 1994 ( old ) physics paper limits about 0 . 
A 1994 ( old ) physics paper is limited about 0 . 
A 1994 ( old ) physics paper gives an upper limit of about 0 .
-------------------
A 1995 study of the interaction of B50 rat hippocampal cells with porous silicon found that B50 cells have their preference for adhesion to porous silicon over untreated surface .
Adverb - clearly , l
preferred -4.491
preferred for -6.578
A 1995 study of the interaction of B50 rat hippocampal cells with porous silicon found that B50 cells clearly prefer adhesion to porous silicon over untreated surface . 
A 1995 study of the interaction of B50 rat hippocampal cells with porous silicon found that B50 cells are clearly preferred adhesion to porous silicon over untreated surface . 
A 1995 study of the interaction of B50 rat hippocampal cells with porous silicon found that B50 cells have clear preference for adhesion to porous silicon over untreated surface .
-------------------
A 1997 study published by The Gerontological Society of America concluded that Alexander Technique instruction shows its signs of helping to improve balance and increase functional reach in women over the age of 65 .
signalled -6.565
signalled of -10.188
A 1997 study published by The Gerontological Society of America concluded that Alexander Technique instruction signals helping to improve balance and increase functional reach in women over the age of 65 . 
A 1997 study published by The Gerontological Society of America concluded that Alexander Technique instruction is signalled helping to improve balance and increase functional reach in women over the age of 65 . 
A 1997 study published by The Gerontological Society of America concluded that Alexander Technique instruction shows signs of helping to improve balance and increase functional reach in women over the age of 65 .
-------------------
A 1997 study , which hypothesized that increases in screen size would give their rise to increased feelings of presence , found that the content was more important than the screen size .
A 1997 study , which hypothesized that increases in screen size would raise increased feelings of presence , found that the content was more important than the screen size . 
A 1997 study , which hypothesized that increases in screen size would be raised increased feelings of presence , found that the content was more important than the screen size . 
A 1997 study , which hypothesized that increases in screen size would give rise to increased feelings of presence , found that the content was more important than the screen size .
-------------------
A 1999 clinical analysis of methods used by Concerned Significant Others to encourage alcoholics to seek treatment has shown its participation in Al-Anon to be effective towards this goal .
A 1999 clinical analysis of methods used by Concerned Significant Others to encourage alcoholics to seek treatment has participated in Al-Anon to be effective towards this goal .
A 1999 clinical analysis of methods used by Concerned Significant Others to encourage alcoholics to seek treatment has been participated in Al-Anon to be effective towards this goal .
A 1999 clinical analysis of methods used by Concerned Significant Others to encourage alcoholics to seek treatment has shown participation in Al-Anon to be effective towards this goal .
-------------------
A 1999 deal in which Falk forced the Minnesota Timberwolves to trade Stephon Marbury gives his/her indication of how Falk used his power .
Adverb - well , l
A 1999 deal in which Falk forced the Minnesota Timberwolves to trade Stephon Marbury indicates well how Falk used his power . 
A 1999 deal in which Falk forced the Minnesota Timberwolves to trade Stephon Marbury is indicated well how Falk used his power . 
A 1999 deal in which Falk forced the Minnesota Timberwolves to trade Stephon Marbury gives a good indication of how Falk used his power .
-------------------
A 1999 Human Rights Watch report notes that the Interior Ministry has its responsibility for monitoring the Cuban population for signs of dissent .
Adverb - principally , l
responded -5.061
responded for -7.695
A 1999 Human Rights Watch report notes that the Interior Ministry principally responds monitoring the Cuban population for signs of dissent . 
A 1999 Human Rights Watch report notes that the Interior Ministry is principally responded monitoring the Cuban population for signs of dissent . 
A 1999 Human Rights Watch report notes that the Interior Ministry has principal responsibility for monitoring the Cuban population for signs of dissent .
-------------------
A1A as an un-numbered local street for one block , terminating at Ocean Drive ( which provides its parking for the beach ) .
parked -5.211
parked for -5.75
A1A as an un-numbered local street for one block , terminating at Ocean Drive ( which parks for the beach ) .
A1A as an un-numbered local street for one block , terminating at Ocean Drive ( which is parked for the beach ) .
A1A as an un-numbered local street for one block , terminating at Ocean Drive ( which provides parking for the beach ) .
-------------------
A1 Autobahn between Vienna and Salzberg has its station close to the town centre .
A1 Autobahn between Vienna and Salzberg stands close to the town centre .
A1 Autobahn between Vienna and Salzberg is stood close to the town centre .
A1 Autobahn between Vienna and Salzberg has a station close to the town centre .
-------------------
A1 Grand PrixIn 2007 he made his starts in the A1 Grand Prix series for A1 Team USA and took second in the feature race at Autódromo Hermanos Rodríguez in Mexico City .
started -3.871
started in -5.386
A1 Grand PrixIn 2007 he started in the A1 Grand Prix series for A1 Team USA and took second in the feature race at Autódromo Hermanos Rodríguez in Mexico City .
A1 Grand PrixIn 2007 he was started in the A1 Grand Prix series for A1 Team USA and took second in the feature race at Autódromo Hermanos Rodríguez in Mexico City .
A1 Grand PrixIn 2007 he made starts in the A1 Grand Prix series for A1 Team USA and took second in the feature race at Autódromo Hermanos Rodríguez in Mexico City .
-------------------
A 1mm suit provides its warmth and is usually considered a dive skin , rather than a wetsuit .
Adverb - very little , l
A 1mm suit warms very little and is usually considered a dive skin , rather than a wetsuit .
A 1mm suit is warmed very little and is usually considered a dive skin , rather than a wetsuit .
A 1mm suit provides very little warmth and is usually considered a dive skin , rather than a wetsuit .
-------------------
A 1-parameter group of conformal transformations gives its rise to a vector field X with the property that the Lie derivative of g along X is proportional to g .
A 1-parameter group of conformal transformations raises a vector field X with the property that the Lie derivative of g along X is proportional to g . 
A 1-parameter group of conformal transformations is raised a vector field X with the property that the Lie derivative of g along X is proportional to g . 
A 1-parameter group of conformal transformations gives rise to a vector field X with the property that the Lie derivative of g along X is proportional to g .
-------------------
A1 Team Malaysia also got their start from 6th , and Alex Yoong was able to take 3rd by the end of lap 1 , following by Brazil .
Adverb - well , l
A1 Team Malaysia also started well 6th , and Alex Yoong was able to take 3rd by the end of lap 1 , following by Brazil . 
A1 Team Malaysia also were started well 6th , and Alex Yoong was able to take 3rd by the end of lap 1 , following by Brazil . 
A1 Team Malaysia also got a good start from 6th , and Alex Yoong was able to take 3rd by the end of lap 1 , following by Brazil .
-------------------
A1 tournament , reserved for players having their rating superior to 2550 .
A1 tournament , reserved for players rating superior to 2550 .
A1 tournament , reserved for players being rated superior to 2550 .
A1 tournament , reserved for players having a rating superior to 2550 .
-------------------
A-1 was well received by the Turkish public in following years and events promoted by Solak had their representation in Turkish media .
represented -4.764
represented in -5.696
A-1 was well received by the Turkish public in following years and events promoted by Solak represented in Turkish media .
A-1 was well received by the Turkish public in following years and events promoted by Solak were represented in Turkish media .
A-1 was well received by the Turkish public in following years and events promoted by Solak had serious representation in Turkish media .
-------------------
A 2002 article in Clinical child and Family Psychology Review discusses a variety of health consequences for children of the unhappy couples that do their divorce .
A 2002 article in Clinical child and Family Psychology Review discusses a variety of health consequences for children of the unhappy couples that divorce .
A 2002 article in Clinical child and Family Psychology Review discusses a variety of health consequences for children of the unhappy couples that are divorced .
A 2002 article in Clinical child and Family Psychology Review discusses a variety of health consequences for children of the unhappy couples that do divorce .
-------------------
A 2002 issue of The Economist was withheld because it made its reference to the monarchy .
Adverb - inappropriately , l
referred -4.64
referred to -4.711
A 2002 issue of The Economist was withheld because it inappropriately referred to the monarchy .
A 2002 issue of The Economist was withheld because it was inappropriately referred to the monarchy .
A 2002 issue of The Economist was withheld because it made an `` inappropriate '' reference to the monarchy .
-------------------
A 2002 report from the Stanford Persuasive Technology Lab contended that a website 's visual designs had their influence than the website 's privacy policy when consumers assessed the website 's credibility .
Adverb - more , r
A 2002 report from the Stanford Persuasive Technology Lab contended that a website 's visual designs influenced more than the website 's privacy policy when consumers assessed the website 's credibility .
A 2002 report from the Stanford Persuasive Technology Lab contended that a website 's visual designs were influenced more than the website 's privacy policy when consumers assessed the website 's credibility .
A 2002 report from the Stanford Persuasive Technology Lab contended that a website 's visual designs had more influence than the website 's privacy policy when consumers assessed the website 's credibility .
-------------------
A 2003 American study , conducted by Steven Maynard Moody of the University of Kansas , reiterated the significance of street-level bureaucrats in the political process , asserting that street-level workers `` actually make their policy choices rather than simply implement the decisions of elected officials .
A 2003 American study , conducted by Steven Maynard Moody of the University of Kansas , reiterated the significance of street-level bureaucrats in the political process , asserting that street-level workers `` actually choose rather than simply implement the decisions of elected officials .
A 2003 American study , conducted by Steven Maynard Moody of the University of Kansas , reiterated the significance of street-level bureaucrats in the political process , asserting that street-level workers `` actually are chosen rather than simply implement the decisions of elected officials .
A 2003 American study , conducted by Steven Maynard Moody of the University of Kansas , reiterated the significance of street-level bureaucrats in the political process , asserting that street-level workers `` actually make policy choices rather than simply implement the decisions of elected officials .
-------------------
A 2003 article provides its comparison and critical evaluation of Aristotelian logic and Boolean logic .
Adverb - systematically , l
A 2003 article systematically compares and provides critical evaluation of Aristotelian logic and Boolean logic .
A 2003 article is systematically compared and provides critical evaluation of Aristotelian logic and Boolean logic .
A 2003 article provides a systematic comparison and critical evaluation of Aristotelian logic and Boolean logic .
-------------------
A 2003 double-blind placebo-controlled study published in the journal European Neuropsychopharmacology found that among 28 patients with major depressive disorder , `` patients in the omega-3 PUFA group had their score on the 21-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression than those in the placebo group .
scored -4.954
scored on -6.348
A 2003 double-blind placebo-controlled study published in the journal European Neuropsychopharmacology found that among 28 patients with major depressive disorder , `` patients in the omega-3 PUFA group scored on the 21-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression than those in the placebo group .
A 2003 double-blind placebo-controlled study published in the journal European Neuropsychopharmacology found that among 28 patients with major depressive disorder , `` patients in the omega-3 PUFA group were scored on the 21-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression than those in the placebo group .
A 2003 double-blind placebo-controlled study published in the journal European Neuropsychopharmacology found that among 28 patients with major depressive disorder , `` patients in the omega-3 PUFA group had a significantly decreased score on the 21-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression than those in the placebo group .
-------------------
A 2003 exhibition lists the work as one which has had its revision to its attribution , and there is some reason to suspect that it may have been a rushed copy of a lost original originally commissioned by Pope Eugene IV for a chapel in Brussels , possibly undertaken by Jan van Eyck during a diplomatic mission he undertook to the Iberian Peninsula in the 1430s .
revised -4.603
revised to -6.305
A 2003 exhibition lists the work as one which has revised to its attribution , and there is some reason to suspect that it may have been a rushed copy of a lost original originally commissioned by Pope Eugene IV for a chapel in Brussels , possibly undertaken by Jan van Eyck during a diplomatic mission he undertook to the Iberian Peninsula in the 1430s .
A 2003 exhibition lists the work as one which has been revised to its attribution , and there is some reason to suspect that it may have been a rushed copy of a lost original originally commissioned by Pope Eugene IV for a chapel in Brussels , possibly undertaken by Jan van Eyck during a diplomatic mission he undertook to the Iberian Peninsula in the 1430s .
A 2003 exhibition lists the work as one which has had a major revision to its attribution , and there is some reason to suspect that it may have been a rushed copy of a lost original originally commissioned by Pope Eugene IV for a chapel in Brussels , possibly undertaken by Jan van Eyck during a diplomatic mission he undertook to the Iberian Peninsula in the 1430s .
-------------------
A 2003 Phase IIb clinical human trial demonstrated in a group of seventy-nine volunteers that those who were administered [ Nle4 , D-Phe7 ] α-MSH daily for a period of three months had their increases in skin-melanin while those who were not , did not .
increased -4.259
increased in -5.761
A 2003 Phase IIb clinical human trial demonstrated in a group of seventy-nine volunteers that those who were administered [ Nle4 , D-Phe7 ] α-MSH daily for a period of three months increased in skin-melanin while those who were not , did not .
A 2003 Phase IIb clinical human trial demonstrated in a group of seventy-nine volunteers that those who were administered [ Nle4 , D-Phe7 ] α-MSH daily for a period of three months were increased in skin-melanin while those who were not , did not .
A 2003 Phase IIb clinical human trial demonstrated in a group of seventy-nine volunteers that those who were administered [ Nle4 , D-Phe7 ] α-MSH daily for a period of three months had highly significant increases in skin-melanin while those who were not , did not .
-------------------
A 2003 study by the RAND Corporation prepared for the Carnegie Corporation of New York , said that value-added modeling `` holds its promise of separating the effects of teachers and schools from the powerful effects of such noneducational factors as family background '' and that studies had shown that there was a wide variance in teacher scores when using such models , which could make value-added modeling an effective tool for evaluating and rewarding teacher performance if the variability could be substantiated as linked to the performance of individual teachers .
A 2003 study by the RAND Corporation prepared for the Carnegie Corporation of New York , said that value - added modeling `` promises separating the effects of teachers and schools from the powerful effects of such noneducational factors as family background '' and that studies had shown that there was a wide variance in teacher scores when using such models , which could make value - added modeling an effective tool for evaluating and rewarding teacher performance if the variability could be substantiated as linked to the performance of individual teachers . 
A 2003 study by the RAND Corporation prepared for the Carnegie Corporation of New York , said that value - added modeling `` is promised separating the effects of teachers and schools from the powerful effects of such noneducational factors as family background '' and that studies had shown that there was a wide variance in teacher scores when using such models , which could make value - added modeling an effective tool for evaluating and rewarding teacher performance if the variability could be substantiated as linked to the performance of individual teachers . 
A 2003 study by the RAND Corporation prepared for the Carnegie Corporation of New York , said that value-added modeling `` holds out the promise of separating the effects of teachers and schools from the powerful effects of such noneducational factors as family background '' and that studies had shown that there was a wide variance in teacher scores when using such models , which could make value-added modeling an effective tool for evaluating and rewarding teacher performance if the variability could be substantiated as linked to the performance of individual teachers .
-------------------
A 2004 Milken Institute study also makes its claim that regulators ' actions were responsible for the Lincoln failure and presents Keating 's actions in a favorable light .
A 2004 Milken Institute study also claims that regulators ' actions were responsible for the Lincoln failure and presents Keating 's actions in a favorable light .
A 2004 Milken Institute study also is claimed that regulators ' actions were responsible for the Lincoln failure and presents Keating 's actions in a favorable light .
A 2004 Milken Institute study also makes the claim that regulators ' actions were responsible for the Lincoln failure and presents Keating 's actions in a favorable light .
-------------------
A 2004 proposal by the South African Revenue Service for tax breaks to companies that give their shares to a broad base of employees was considered to be linked to the Brenthurst Initiative .
A 2004 proposal by the South African Revenue Service for tax breaks to companies that share a broad base of employees was considered to be linked to the Brenthurst Initiative . 
A 2004 proposal by the South African Revenue Service for tax breaks to companies that are shared a broad base of employees was considered to be linked to the Brenthurst Initiative . 
A 2004 proposal by the South African Revenue Service for tax breaks to companies that give shares to a broad base of employees was considered to be linked to the Brenthurst Initiative .
-------------------
A 2004 study exploring the difference in brain metabolism between heterosexual and homosexual males found that homosexuals had their reduction in hypothalamic glucose metabolism compared to that of heterosexuals with other brain regions including the prefrontal association cortex and portions of the cingulate cortex showing differences in the measured activation .
reduced -4.414
reduced in -5.886
A 2004 study exploring the difference in brain metabolism between heterosexual and homosexual males found that homosexuals reduced in hypothalamic glucose metabolism compared to that of heterosexuals with other brain regions including the prefrontal association cortex and portions of the cingulate cortex showing differences in the measured activation .
A 2004 study exploring the difference in brain metabolism between heterosexual and homosexual males found that homosexuals were reduced in hypothalamic glucose metabolism compared to that of heterosexuals with other brain regions including the prefrontal association cortex and portions of the cingulate cortex showing differences in the measured activation .
A 2004 study exploring the difference in brain metabolism between heterosexual and homosexual males found that homosexuals had a significant reduction in hypothalamic glucose metabolism compared to that of heterosexuals with other brain regions including the prefrontal association cortex and portions of the cingulate cortex showing differences in the measured activation .
-------------------
A 2004 Union-Tribune source gives its location as Friars Road at State Route 163 , the northeast corner of what is now the Fashion Valley Mall .
A 2004 Union-Tribune source locates as Friars Road at State Route 163 , the northeast corner of what is now the Fashion Valley Mall .
A 2004 Union-Tribune source is located as Friars Road at State Route 163 , the northeast corner of what is now the Fashion Valley Mall .
A 2004 Union-Tribune source gives the location as Friars Road at State Route 163 , the northeast corner of what is now the Fashion Valley Mall .
-------------------
A 2005 article by Sean Thomas notes that historical documents , such as newspapers and diaries during the era when Sawney Bean was supposedly active , make their mention of ongoing disappearances of hundreds of persons .
A 2005 article by Sean Thomas notes that historical documents , such as newspapers and diaries during the era when Sawney Bean was supposedly active , do not mention ongoing disappearances of hundreds of persons . 
A 2005 article by Sean Thomas notes that historical documents , such as newspapers and diaries during the era when Sawney Bean was supposedly active , be not mentioned ongoing disappearances of hundreds of persons . 
A 2005 article by Sean Thomas notes that historical documents , such as newspapers and diaries during the era when Sawney Bean was supposedly active , make no mention of ongoing disappearances of hundreds of persons .
-------------------
A 2005 five-city participatory community assessment by Colectivo Sol ( a non-governmental organization ) found that some HIV hospital patients had their sign over their beds stating they were HIV-positive .
A 2005 five-city participatory community assessment by Colectivo Sol ( a non-governmental organization ) found that some HIV hospital patients signalled over their beds stating they were HIV-positive .
A 2005 five-city participatory community assessment by Colectivo Sol ( a non-governmental organization ) found that some HIV hospital patients were signalled over their beds stating they were HIV-positive .
A 2005 five-city participatory community assessment by Colectivo Sol ( a non-governmental organization ) found that some HIV hospital patients had a sign over their beds stating they were HIV-positive .
-------------------
A 2005 five-city participatory community assessment by Colectivo Sol , a nongovernmental organization ( NGO ) , found that some HIV hospital patients had their sign over their beds stating they were HIV-positive .
A 2005 five-city participatory community assessment by Colectivo Sol , a nongovernmental organization ( NGO ) , found that some HIV hospital patients signalled over their beds stating they were HIV-positive .
A 2005 five-city participatory community assessment by Colectivo Sol , a nongovernmental organization ( NGO ) , found that some HIV hospital patients were signalled over their beds stating they were HIV-positive .
A 2005 five-city participatory community assessment by Colectivo Sol , a nongovernmental organization ( NGO ) , found that some HIV hospital patients had a sign over their beds stating they were HIV-positive .
-------------------
A 2005 law against sexual harassment provides its protection and financial compensation to victims and penalizes harassment by employers or co-workers .
A 2005 law against sexual harassment protects and provides financial compensation to victims and penalizes harassment by employers or co-workers .
A 2005 law against sexual harassment is protected and provides financial compensation to victims and penalizes harassment by employers or co-workers .
A 2005 law against sexual harassment provides protection and financial compensation to victims and penalizes harassment by employers or co-workers .
-------------------
A 2005 legal document regarding use and rights to the name `` Puddle of Mudd '' , has its spelling of his last name with an I not an E .
spelt -6.158
spelt of -9.498
A 2005 legal document regarding use and rights to the name `` Puddle of Mudd '' , spells his last name with an I not an E . 
A 2005 legal document regarding use and rights to the name `` Puddle of Mudd '' , is spelt his last name with an I not an E . 
A 2005 legal document regarding use and rights to the name `` Puddle of Mudd '' , has the spelling of his last name with an I not an E .
-------------------
A 2005 review of so-called `` Power Therapies '' concluded that TAT and similar techniques `` offered no new scientifically valid theories of action , show only non-specific efficacy , show no evidence that they offer their improvements to extant psychiatric care , yet display many characteristics consistent with pseudoscience .
improved -4.532
improved to -6.33
A 2005 review of so - called `` Power Therapies '' concluded that TAT and similar techniques `` offered no new scientifically valid theories of action , show only non - specific efficacy , show no evidence that they improve extant psychiatric care , yet display many characteristics consistent with pseudoscience . 
A 2005 review of so - called `` Power Therapies '' concluded that TAT and similar techniques `` offered no new scientifically valid theories of action , show only non - specific efficacy , show no evidence that they are improved extant psychiatric care , yet display many characteristics consistent with pseudoscience . 
A 2005 review of so-called `` Power Therapies '' concluded that TAT and similar techniques `` offered no new scientifically valid theories of action , show only non-specific efficacy , show no evidence that they offer substantive improvements to extant psychiatric care , yet display many characteristics consistent with pseudoscience .
-------------------
A 2005 study at the University of Pennsylvania of multiple HurryDate speed dating events found that most people made their choices within the first three seconds of meeting .
A 2005 study at the University of Pennsylvania of multiple HurryDate speed dating events found that most people chose within the first three seconds of meeting .
A 2005 study at the University of Pennsylvania of multiple HurryDate speed dating events found that most people were chosen within the first three seconds of meeting .
A 2005 study at the University of Pennsylvania of multiple HurryDate speed dating events found that most people made their choices within the first three seconds of meeting .
-------------------
A 2006 book with no ISBN listed on google books ( which gives its pause to how important this book is ) .
A 2006 book with no ISBN listed on google books ( which pauses how important this book is ) . 
A 2006 book with no ISBN listed on google books ( which is paused how important this book is ) . 
A 2006 book with no ISBN listed on google books ( which gives pause to how important this book is ) .
-------------------
A 2006 film , Stranger than Fiction , has its life directed by the manuscript of a novel as it is typed up .
A 2006 film , Stranger than Fiction , lives directed by the manuscript of a novel as it is typed up .
A 2006 film , Stranger than Fiction , is lived directed by the manuscript of a novel as it is typed up .
A 2006 film , Stranger than Fiction , has the main character 's life directed by the manuscript of a novel as it is typed up .
-------------------
A 2006 guide to the churches of Anglesey says that the `` roofless ruin '' of St Mary 's `` has its distinction of probably being the most isolated church in Anglesey '' .
distinguished -5.122
distinguished of -7.941
A 2006 guide to the churches of Anglesey says that the `` roofless ruin '' of St Mary 's `` distinguishes probably being the most isolated church in Anglesey '' . 
A 2006 guide to the churches of Anglesey says that the `` roofless ruin '' of St Mary 's `` is distinguished probably being the most isolated church in Anglesey '' . 
A 2006 guide to the churches of Anglesey says that the `` roofless ruin '' of St Mary 's `` has the distinction of probably being the most isolated church in Anglesey '' .
-------------------
A 2006 Guy Noir skit , in which some characters had their variation of Tourette syndrome called `` Broadway Tourette 's '' , drew criticism from the Tourette Syndrome Association .
varied -5.068
varied of -7.997
A 2006 Guy Noir skit , in which some characters varied Tourette syndrome called `` Broadway Tourette 's '' , drew criticism from the Tourette Syndrome Association . 
A 2006 Guy Noir skit , in which some characters were varied Tourette syndrome called `` Broadway Tourette 's '' , drew criticism from the Tourette Syndrome Association . 
A 2006 Guy Noir skit , in which some characters had a fictitious variation of Tourette syndrome called `` Broadway Tourette 's '' , drew criticism from the Tourette Syndrome Association .
-------------------
A 2006 profile on the company reported that it had its employees in the United States and 1 , 000 in China , and that the company has had double digit growth every year for the prior 18 years .
employed -4.663
employed in -5.517
A 2006 profile on the company reported that it employed about 200 times in the United States and 1 , 000 in China , and that the company has had double digit growth every year for the prior 18 years .
A 2006 profile on the company reported that it was employed about 200 times in the United States and 1 , 000 in China , and that the company has had double digit growth every year for the prior 18 years .
A 2006 profile on the company reported that it had about 200 employees in the United States and 1 , 000 in China , and that the company has had double digit growth every year for the prior 18 years .
-------------------
A 2006 profile on the company reported that it had about 200 employees in the United States and 1 , 000 in China , and that the company has had its digit growth every year for the prior 18 years .
A 2006 profile on the company reported that it had about 200 employees in the United States and 1 , 000 in China , and that the company has grown every year for the prior 18 years .
A 2006 profile on the company reported that it had about 200 employees in the United States and 1 , 000 in China , and that the company has been grown every year for the prior 18 years .
A 2006 profile on the company reported that it had about 200 employees in the United States and 1 , 000 in China , and that the company has had double digit growth every year for the prior 18 years .
-------------------
A 2006 RCA reissue makes its use of digital processing in an attempt to produce better sound .
Adverb - more effectively , l
A 2006 RCA reissue more effectively uses digital processing in an attempt to produce better sound . 
A 2006 RCA reissue is more effectively used digital processing in an attempt to produce better sound . 
A 2006 RCA reissue makes more effective use of digital processing in an attempt to produce better sound .
-------------------
A 2006 report by the World Health Organisation ( WHO ) states that nearly a million people take their lives every year , more than those murdered or killed in war .
A 2006 report by the World Health Organisation ( WHO ) states that nearly a million people live every year , more than those murdered or killed in war .
A 2006 report by the World Health Organisation ( WHO ) states that nearly a million people are lived every year , more than those murdered or killed in war .
A 2006 report by the World Health Organisation ( WHO ) states that nearly a million people take their own lives every year , more than those murdered or killed in war .
-------------------
A 2006 study by Monash University , the Australian Catholic University and the Christian Research Association found that 52 per cent of Australians born between 1976 and 1990 have their belief in a god .
believed -4.754
believed in -5.93
A 2006 study by Monash University , the Australian Catholic University and the Christian Research Association found that 52 per cent of Australians born between 1976 and 1990 do not believe in a god .
A 2006 study by Monash University , the Australian Catholic University and the Christian Research Association found that 52 per cent of Australians born between 1976 and 1990 are not believed in a god .
A 2006 study by Monash University , the Australian Catholic University and the Christian Research Association found that 52 per cent of Australians born between 1976 and 1990 have no belief in a god .
-------------------
A 2006 study by the Canadian Undergraduate Survey Consortium released earlier in 2007 found students at the University of Toronto Scarborough got their marks on average than their counterparts at Carleton and Ryerson .
Adverb - low , o
marked -4.526
marked on -6.18
A 2006 study by the Canadian Undergraduate Survey Consortium released earlier in 2007 found students at the University of Toronto Scarborough marked low on average than their counterparts at Carleton and Ryerson .
A 2006 study by the Canadian Undergraduate Survey Consortium released earlier in 2007 found students at the University of Toronto Scarborough were marked low on average than their counterparts at Carleton and Ryerson .
A 2006 study by the Canadian Undergraduate Survey Consortium released earlier in 2007 found students at the University of Toronto Scarborough got lower marks on average than their counterparts at Carleton and Ryerson .
-------------------
A 2006 study found that 170 jurisdictions in California had their form of inclusionary housing .
formed -4.648
formed of -6.458
A 2006 study found that 170 jurisdictions in California formed inclusionary housing . 
A 2006 study found that 170 jurisdictions in California were formed inclusionary housing . 
A 2006 study found that 170 jurisdictions in California had some form of inclusionary housing .
-------------------
A 2006 survey of American and Canadian International Relations scholars ranks Wendt as first among scholars who have `` been doing their work in international relations in recent years .
A 2006 survey of American and Canadian International Relations scholars ranks Wendt as first among scholars who have `` been doing the most interesting work in international relations in recent years .
-------------------
A 2007 article about USAID funding of organisations having their links to terrorism cites American , Palestinian and Israeli evidence of connections between the university and Hamas .
linked -4.555
linked to -4.969
A 2007 article about USAID funding of organisations linking to terrorism cites American , Palestinian and Israeli evidence of connections between the university and Hamas .
A 2007 article about USAID funding of organisations being linked to terrorism cites American , Palestinian and Israeli evidence of connections between the university and Hamas .
A 2007 article about USAID funding of organisations having links to terrorism cites American , Palestinian and Israeli evidence of connections between the university and Hamas .
-------------------
A 2007 book adaptation of the song 's lyrics by Yarrow , Lipton , and illustrator Eric Puybaret gives its ending with a young girl ( presumed by reviewers to be Jackie Paper 's daughter ) seeking out Puff to become her new companion .
A 2007 book adaptation of the song 's lyrics by Yarrow , Lipton , and illustrator Eric Puybaret ends the story with a young girl ( presumed by reviewers to be Jackie Paper 's daughter ) seeking out Puff to become her new companion .
A 2007 book adaptation of the song 's lyrics by Yarrow , Lipton , and illustrator Eric Puybaret is ended with a young girl ( presumed by reviewers to be Jackie Paper 's daughter ) seeking out Puff to become her new companion .
A 2007 book adaptation of the song 's lyrics by Yarrow , Lipton , and illustrator Eric Puybaret gives the story a happier ending with a young girl ( presumed by reviewers to be Jackie Paper 's daughter ) seeking out Puff to become her new companion .
-------------------
A 2007 study by Victor Segalen Bordeaux 2 University showed that injection molded synthetic corks allowed the highest levels of oxygen permeation in when compared to natural cork and screw caps , offering their protection against oxidation of the wine .
Adverb - low , o
A 2007 study by Victor Segalen Bordeaux 2 University showed that injection molded synthetic corks allowed the highest levels of oxygen permeation in when compared to natural cork and screw caps , protecting low against oxidation of the wine .
A 2007 study by Victor Segalen Bordeaux 2 University showed that injection molded synthetic corks allowed the highest levels of oxygen permeation in when compared to natural cork and screw caps , being protected low against oxidation of the wine .
A 2007 study by Victor Segalen Bordeaux 2 University showed that injection molded synthetic corks allowed the highest levels of oxygen permeation in when compared to natural cork and screw caps , offering the lowest protection against oxidation of the wine .
-------------------
A 2007 study of 177 patients shows its increase in the recurrence-free interval after radical surgery followed by mitotane when compared to surgery alone .
A 2007 study of 177 patients increases in the recurrence-free interval after radical surgery followed by mitotane when compared to surgery alone .
A 2007 study of 177 patients is increased in the recurrence-free interval after radical surgery followed by mitotane when compared to surgery alone .
A 2007 study of 177 patients shows a significant increase in the recurrence-free interval after radical surgery followed by mitotane when compared to surgery alone .
-------------------
A 2007 technical report on climate change in Australia jointly published by Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation ( CSIRO ) and the Bureau of Meteorology provides its projections accounting for a number of variables , including temperature , rainfall , and others .
accounted -5.365
accounted for -5.394
A 2007 technical report on climate change in Australia jointly published by Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation ( CSIRO ) and the Bureau of Meteorology accounts for a number of variables , including temperature , rainfall , and others .
A 2007 technical report on climate change in Australia jointly published by Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation ( CSIRO ) and the Bureau of Meteorology is accounted for a number of variables , including temperature , rainfall , and others .
A 2007 technical report on climate change in Australia jointly published by Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation ( CSIRO ) and the Bureau of Meteorology provides climate change projections accounting for a number of variables , including temperature , rainfall , and others .
-------------------
A 2008 New York Times article notes that the foundation has provided its support to several nonprofit organizations , including ProPublica , the Center for American Progress , the Center for Responsible Lending , Human Rights Watch , the American Civil Liberties Union , as well as other nonprofit organizations that conduct research in parasitic diseases , asthma ( the American Asthma Foundation ) , and basic science ( UCSF Program for Breakthrough Biomedical Research ) .
Adverb - substantially , l
supported -4.354
supported to -6.645
A 2008 New York Times article notes that the foundation has substantially supported several nonprofit organizations , including ProPublica , the Center for American Progress , the Center for Responsible Lending , Human Rights Watch , the American Civil Liberties Union , as well as other nonprofit organizations that conduct research in parasitic diseases , asthma ( the American Asthma Foundation ) , and basic science ( UCSF Program for Breakthrough Biomedical Research ) . 
A 2008 New York Times article notes that the foundation has been substantially supported several nonprofit organizations , including ProPublica , the Center for American Progress , the Center for Responsible Lending , Human Rights Watch , the American Civil Liberties Union , as well as other nonprofit organizations that conduct research in parasitic diseases , asthma ( the American Asthma Foundation ) , and basic science ( UCSF Program for Breakthrough Biomedical Research ) . 
A 2008 New York Times article notes that the foundation has provided substantial support to several nonprofit organizations , including ProPublica , the Center for American Progress , the Center for Responsible Lending , Human Rights Watch , the American Civil Liberties Union , as well as other nonprofit organizations that conduct research in parasitic diseases , asthma ( the American Asthma Foundation ) , and basic science ( UCSF Program for Breakthrough Biomedical Research ) .
-------------------
A 2008 photograph shows its building in use as a restaurant .
A 2008 photograph builds in use as a restaurant .
A 2008 photograph is built in use as a restaurant .
A 2008 photograph shows the building in use as a restaurant .
-------------------
A 2008 Public Agenda survey found that half of Americans said tighter controls on immigration would do their deal '' to enhance U .
A 2008 Public Agenda survey found that half of Americans said tighter controls on immigration would deal '' to enhance U .
A 2008 Public Agenda survey found that half of Americans said tighter controls on immigration would be dealt '' to enhance U .
A 2008 Public Agenda survey found that half of Americans said tighter controls on immigration would do `` a great deal '' to enhance U .
-------------------
A 2008 review of malnutrition found that about 55 million children are wasted , including 19 million who have their wasting or severe acute malnutrition .
Adverb - severely , l
A 2008 review of malnutrition found that about 55 million children are wasted , including 19 million who severely waste or severe acute malnutrition .
A 2008 review of malnutrition found that about 55 million children are wasted , including 19 million who are severely wasted or severe acute malnutrition .
A 2008 review of malnutrition found that about 55 million children are wasted , including 19 million who have severe wasting or severe acute malnutrition .
-------------------
A 2008 SOD video New Half Public Bath , co-starring Hime Tsukino , has its actresses at a Japanese public bath being welcomed in both the male and female sections and having sex with both clienteles .
A 2008 SOD video New Half Public Bath , co-starring Hime Tsukino , acts at a Japanese public bath being welcomed in both the male and female sections and having sex with both clienteles .
A 2008 SOD video New Half Public Bath , co-starring Hime Tsukino , is acted at a Japanese public bath being welcomed in both the male and female sections and having sex with both clienteles .
A 2008 SOD video New Half Public Bath , co-starring Hime Tsukino , has the actresses at a Japanese public bath being welcomed in both the male and female sections and having sex with both clienteles .
-------------------
A 2008 study found that children and adolescents with ASD showed their thinking and loose associations than control subjects .
Adverb - more illogically , l
A 2008 study found that children and adolescents with ASD more illogically thought and showed loose associations than control subjects .
A 2008 study found that children and adolescents with ASD were more illogically thought and showed loose associations than control subjects .
A 2008 study found that children and adolescents with ASD showed significantly more illogical thinking and loose associations than control subjects .
-------------------
A 2008 study published in Cancer Research has shown its addition of vitamin D3 ( along with calcium ) to the diet of some mice fed a regimen similar in nutritional content to a new Western diet with 1000 IU cholecaliferol per day prevented colon cancer development .
added -3.364
added of -6.984
A 2008 study published in Cancer Research has added vitamin D3 ( along with calcium ) to the diet of some mice fed a regimen similar in nutritional content to a new Western diet with 1000 IU cholecaliferol per day prevented colon cancer development . 
A 2008 study published in Cancer Research has been added vitamin D3 ( along with calcium ) to the diet of some mice fed a regimen similar in nutritional content to a new Western diet with 1000 IU cholecaliferol per day prevented colon cancer development . 
A 2008 study published in Cancer Research has shown the addition of vitamin D3 ( along with calcium ) to the diet of some mice fed a regimen similar in nutritional content to a new Western diet with 1000 IU cholecaliferol per day prevented colon cancer development .
-------------------
A 2008 Xinhua survey noted that a large number elementary school students have their knowledge of Lei Feng 's life , with 68 percent of the surveyed having not read Lei Feng 's diary .
Adverb - vaguely , l
knew -4.416
knew of -6.142
A 2008 Xinhua survey noted that a large number elementary school students vaguely know of Lei Feng 's life , with 68 percent of the surveyed having not read Lei Feng 's diary .
A 2008 Xinhua survey noted that a large number elementary school students are vaguely known of Lei Feng 's life , with 68 percent of the surveyed having not read Lei Feng 's diary .
A 2008 Xinhua survey noted that a large number elementary school students have vague knowledge of Lei Feng 's life , with 68 percent of the surveyed having not read Lei Feng 's diary .
-------------------
A 2009 guide to the buildings of the former county of Gwynedd calls St Mary 's `` the most important church of north-west Anglesey '' and says that it has its plan '' .
Adverb - unusually , l
A 2009 guide to the buildings of the former county of Gwynedd calls St Mary 's `` the most important church of north-west Anglesey '' and says that it unusually plans '' .
A 2009 guide to the buildings of the former county of Gwynedd calls St Mary 's `` the most important church of north-west Anglesey '' and says that it is unusually planned '' .
A 2009 guide to the buildings of the former county of Gwynedd calls St Mary 's `` the most important church of north-west Anglesey '' and says that it has `` an unusual plan '' .
-------------------
A 2009 meta-analysis of cohort studies and randomized controlled trials from the University of Otago , New Zealand , found that the results of the cohort studies showed their association between coronary heart disease mortality nor total coronary heart disease events when saturated fat was increased in place of carbohydrates .
A 2009 meta-analysis of cohort studies and randomized controlled trials from the University of Otago , New Zealand , found that the results of the cohort studies did not associated between coronary heart disease mortality nor total coronary heart disease events when saturated fat was increased in place of carbohydrates .
A 2009 meta-analysis of cohort studies and randomized controlled trials from the University of Otago , New Zealand , found that the results of the cohort studies were not associated between coronary heart disease mortality nor total coronary heart disease events when saturated fat was increased in place of carbohydrates .
A 2009 meta-analysis of cohort studies and randomized controlled trials from the University of Otago , New Zealand , found that the results of the cohort studies showed no association between coronary heart disease mortality nor total coronary heart disease events when saturated fat was increased in place of carbohydrates .
-------------------
A 2009 New York exhibition of Sklaroff 's work was reviewed in the Winter 2010 edition of American Arts Quarterly , which wrote , `` What gives its work its unique interest and power is her clever sense of color contrasts , along with reflections of light , depictions of shadows and smoky atmospheres .
A 2009 New York exhibition of Sklaroff 's work was reviewed in the Winter 2010 edition of American Arts Quarterly , which wrote , `` What works its unique interest and power is her clever sense of color contrasts , along with reflections of light , depictions of shadows and smoky atmospheres .
A 2009 New York exhibition of Sklaroff 's work was reviewed in the Winter 2010 edition of American Arts Quarterly , which wrote , `` What is worked its unique interest and power is her clever sense of color contrasts , along with reflections of light , depictions of shadows and smoky atmospheres .
A 2009 New York exhibition of Sklaroff 's work was reviewed in the Winter 2010 edition of American Arts Quarterly , which wrote , `` What gives her work its unique interest and power is her clever sense of color contrasts , along with reflections of light , depictions of shadows and smoky atmospheres .
-------------------
A 2009 report identified 610 comuni which have their Mafia presence , where 13 million Italians live and 14 .
Adverb - strongly , l
A 2009 report identified 610 comuni which strongly present , where 13 million Italians live and 14 .
A 2009 report identified 610 comuni which are strongly presented , where 13 million Italians live and 14 .
A 2009 report identified 610 comuni which have a strong Mafia presence , where 13 million Italians live and 14 .
-------------------
A 2009 series of six sequential comics , produced by Penny Arcade , gives its look into Franzibald 's work .
A 2009 series of six sequential comics , produced by Penny Arcade , looks into Franzibald 's work .
A 2009 series of six sequential comics , produced by Penny Arcade , is looked into Franzibald 's work .
A 2009 series of six sequential comics , produced by Penny Arcade , gives a more detailed look into Franzibald 's work .
-------------------
A 2009 study found that patients with severe head trauma who were given nimodipine , via peripheral vein injection , along with the standard procedures had their perfusion pressure and jugular venous oxygen saturation , while intracranial pressure , jugular lactate and jugular glucose were lower .
Adverb - significantly high , g
A 2009 study found that patients with severe head trauma who were given nimodipine , via peripheral vein injection , along with the standard procedures pressed significantly high and had jugular venous oxygen saturation , while intracranial pressure , jugular lactate and jugular glucose were lower .
A 2009 study found that patients with severe head trauma who were given nimodipine , via peripheral vein injection , along with the standard procedures were pressed significantly high and had jugular venous oxygen saturation , while intracranial pressure , jugular lactate and jugular glucose were lower .
A 2009 study found that patients with severe head trauma who were given nimodipine , via peripheral vein injection , along with the standard procedures had significantly higher cerebral perfusion pressure and jugular venous oxygen saturation , while intracranial pressure , jugular lactate and jugular glucose were lower .
-------------------
A 2009 study of cooling out in community colleges - limited only to those instances where it took its form of reducing student aspiration from a four-year degree to a two-year or other lesser goal - found that it is a significant influence in student life , with as many as 21 .
A 2009 study of cooling out in community colleges - limited only to those instances where it formed reducing student aspiration from a four - year degree to a two - year or other lesser goal - found that it is a significant influence in student life , with as many as 21 . 
A 2009 study of cooling out in community colleges - limited only to those instances where it was formed reducing student aspiration from a four - year degree to a two - year or other lesser goal - found that it is a significant influence in student life , with as many as 21 . 
A 2009 study of cooling out in community colleges - limited only to those instances where it took the form of reducing student aspiration from a four-year degree to a two-year or other lesser goal - found that it is a significant influence in student life , with as many as 21 .
-------------------
A 2009 study published in the American Journal of Respiratory and Clinical Care Medicine found that patients who practiced a series of tongue and throat exercises for 30 minutes a day showed their decline in sleep apnea symptoms after three months .
A 2009 study published in the American Journal of Respiratory and Clinical Care Medicine found that patients who practiced a series of tongue and throat exercises for 30 minutes a day declined in sleep apnea symptoms after three months .
A 2009 study published in the American Journal of Respiratory and Clinical Care Medicine found that patients who practiced a series of tongue and throat exercises for 30 minutes a day were declined in sleep apnea symptoms after three months .
A 2009 study published in the American Journal of Respiratory and Clinical Care Medicine found that patients who practiced a series of tongue and throat exercises for 30 minutes a day showed a marked decline in sleep apnea symptoms after three months .
-------------------
A 2010 review by the Cochrane collaboration found that no medications show their promise for `` the core BPD symptoms of chronic feelings of emptiness , identity disturbance and abandonment .
A 2010 review by the Cochrane collaboration found that no medications promise `` the core BPD symptoms of chronic feelings of emptiness , identity disturbance and abandonment . 
A 2010 review by the Cochrane collaboration found that no medications are promised `` the core BPD symptoms of chronic feelings of emptiness , identity disturbance and abandonment . 
A 2010 review by the Cochrane collaboration found that no medications show promise for `` the core BPD symptoms of chronic feelings of emptiness , identity disturbance and abandonment .
-------------------
A 2011 analysis of data collected in the Bay of Fundy has shown its exposure to low-frequency ship noise may be associated with chronic physiological stress in North Atlantic right whales .
exposed -4.68
exposed to -5.103
A 2011 analysis of data collected in the Bay of Fundy has exposed to low-frequency ship noise may be associated with chronic physiological stress in North Atlantic right whales .
A 2011 analysis of data collected in the Bay of Fundy has been exposed to low-frequency ship noise may be associated with chronic physiological stress in North Atlantic right whales .
A 2011 analysis of data collected in the Bay of Fundy has shown that exposure to low-frequency ship noise may be associated with chronic physiological stress in North Atlantic right whales .
-------------------
A 2011 pop song `` Lego House '' by British singer-songwriter Ed Sheeran has its reference to Lego .
referred -4.64
referred to -4.711
A 2011 pop song `` Lego House '' by British singer-songwriter Ed Sheeran refers to Lego .
A 2011 pop song `` Lego House '' by British singer-songwriter Ed Sheeran is referred to Lego .
A 2011 pop song `` Lego House '' by British singer-songwriter Ed Sheeran has a reference to Lego .
-------------------
A 2011 press release from the Religion News Service noted that Lew also `` has his/her connections in the American Jewish community , '' and that he might be able to help President Obama `` build a more friendly rapport '' with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu .
Adverb - extensively , l
connected -4.274
connected in -6.126
A 2011 press release from the Religion News Service noted that Lew also `` extensively connects the American Jewish community , '' and that he might be able to help President Obama `` build a more friendly rapport '' with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu . 
A 2011 press release from the Religion News Service noted that Lew also `` is extensively connected the American Jewish community , '' and that he might be able to help President Obama `` build a more friendly rapport '' with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu . 
A 2011 press release from the Religion News Service noted that Lew also `` has extensive connections in the American Jewish community , '' and that he might be able to help President Obama `` build a more friendly rapport '' with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu .
-------------------
A 2011 research review said their `` findings provide their support for the use of TM to enhance several forms of information processing in students '' .
Adverb - well , l
supported -4.354
supported for -6.339
A 2011 research review said their `` findings support well the use of TM to enhance several forms of information processing in students '' . 
A 2011 research review said their `` findings are supported well the use of TM to enhance several forms of information processing in students '' . 
A 2011 research review said their `` findings provide good support for the use of TM to enhance several forms of information processing in students '' .
-------------------
A 2011 Study showed that Marsh Arabs have their concentration of Haplogroup J1 for males and Haplogroup J having the highest concentration in females with Haplogroup H , Haplogroup U and Haplogroup T having the highest concentrations .
Adverb - high , g
concentrated -5.243
concentrated of -8.553
A 2011 Study showed that Marsh Arabs concentrate high Haplogroup J1 for males and Haplogroup J having the highest concentration in females with Haplogroup H , Haplogroup U and Haplogroup T having the highest concentrations . 
A 2011 Study showed that Marsh Arabs are concentrated high Haplogroup J1 for males and Haplogroup J having the highest concentration in females with Haplogroup H , Haplogroup U and Haplogroup T having the highest concentrations . 
A 2011 Study showed that Marsh Arabs have a high concentration of Haplogroup J1 for males and Haplogroup J having the highest concentration in females with Haplogroup H , Haplogroup U and Haplogroup T having the highest concentrations .
-------------------
A 2012 Australian documentary directed by Catherine Scott , Scarlet Road , explores another aspect of the void facing people with disabilities , as it shows its sex worker who has specialized for 18 years in a clientele who have disabilities .
A 2012 Australian documentary directed by Catherine Scott , Scarlet Road , explores another aspect of the void facing people with disabilities , as it works who has specialized for 18 years in a clientele who have disabilities .
A 2012 Australian documentary directed by Catherine Scott , Scarlet Road , explores another aspect of the void facing people with disabilities , as it is worked who has specialized for 18 years in a clientele who have disabilities .
A 2012 Australian documentary directed by Catherine Scott , Scarlet Road , explores another aspect of the void facing people with disabilities , as it shows a sex worker who has specialized for 18 years in a clientele who have disabilities .
-------------------
A 2012 paper surveying North Korean missiles published by the RAND Corporation makes its mention of any development or deployment of the Rodong-2 , casting doubt that it was ever more than a paper design at most .
A 2012 paper surveying North Korean missiles published by the RAND Corporation does not mention any development or deployment of the Rodong-2 , casting doubt that it was ever more than a paper design at most . 
A 2012 paper surveying North Korean missiles published by the RAND Corporation is not mentioned any development or deployment of the Rodong-2 , casting doubt that it was ever more than a paper design at most . 
A 2012 paper surveying North Korean missiles published by the RAND Corporation makes no mention of any development or deployment of the Rodong-2 , casting doubt that it was ever more than a paper design at most .
-------------------
A 2012 study indicated that the Greens have their support among journalists , among whom they are the most popular party .
Adverb - especially strongly , l
A 2012 study indicated that the Greens especially strongly support among journalists , among whom they are the most popular party .
A 2012 study indicated that the Greens are especially strongly supported among journalists , among whom they are the most popular party .
A 2012 study indicated that the Greens have an especially strong support among journalists , among whom they are the most popular party .
-------------------
A 2012 study showed that while primarily related to the local populations , Ethiopian Jews have their links to the Middle East from some 2 , 000 years ago , and are likely descended from a few Jewish founders .
linked -4.555
linked to -4.969
A 2012 study showed that while primarily related to the local populations , Ethiopian Jews link to the Middle East from some 2 , 000 years ago , and are likely descended from a few Jewish founders .
A 2012 study showed that while primarily related to the local populations , Ethiopian Jews are linked to the Middle East from some 2 , 000 years ago , and are likely descended from a few Jewish founders .
A 2012 study showed that while primarily related to the local populations , Ethiopian Jews have very distant genetic links to the Middle East from some 2 , 000 years ago , and are likely descended from a few Jewish founders .
-------------------
A 2013 study found that the jaws of Baryonyx had their resistance to bending and torsion than 'Spinosaurus .
Adverb - strongly , l
resisted -5.987
resisted to -8.052
A 2013 study found that the jaws of Baryonyx strongly resisted bending and torsion than ' Spinosaurus . 
A 2013 study found that the jaws of Baryonyx were strongly resisted bending and torsion than ' Spinosaurus . 
A 2013 study found that the jaws of Baryonyx had stronger resistance to bending and torsion than 'Spinosaurus .
-------------------
A 20-person Stakeholder Advisory Council ( SAC ) provides its advice and input to represent the diverse interests of users of the payments system .
A 20-person Stakeholder Advisory Council ( SAC ) advises and provides input to represent the diverse interests of users of the payments system .
A 20-person Stakeholder Advisory Council ( SAC ) is advised and provides input to represent the diverse interests of users of the payments system .
A 20-person Stakeholder Advisory Council ( SAC ) provides advice and input to represent the diverse interests of users of the payments system .
-------------------
A 20-plus car melee erupted at the end of the opening lap as Greg Sacks made their contact with Derrike Cope as they were racing for seventh with Richard Petty ; the two cars spun into Petty and most of the field behind them plowed into the mess .
A 20-plus car melee erupted at the end of the opening lap as Greg Sacks contacted Derrike Cope as they were racing for seventh with Richard Petty ; the two cars spun into Petty and most of the field behind them plowed into the mess . 
A 20-plus car melee erupted at the end of the opening lap as Greg Sacks were contacted Derrike Cope as they were racing for seventh with Richard Petty ; the two cars spun into Petty and most of the field behind them plowed into the mess . 
A 20-plus car melee erupted at the end of the opening lap as Greg Sacks made contact with Derrike Cope as they were racing for seventh with Richard Petty ; the two cars spun into Petty and most of the field behind them plowed into the mess .
-------------------
A 20-year longitudinal study has also shown its marriage and children could be a modifier in Bulimia in women .
A 20-year longitudinal study has also shown that marriage and children could be a modifier in Bulimia in women .
-------------------
A 20-year old Bix Beiderbecke ( cornet ) , Min Lelbrook ( tuba ) , Jimmy Hartwell ( clarinet ) , George Johnson ( tenor sax ) , Bob Gilette ( banjo ) , Vic Moore ( drums ) , Dick Voynow ( piano ) and Al Gandee ( trombone ) form The Wolverines and make their recording at the Gennett studios in Richmond , Indiana with Fidgety Feet .
Adverb - first , s
A 20-year old Bix Beiderbecke ( cornet ) , Min Lelbrook ( tuba ) , Jimmy Hartwell ( clarinet ) , George Johnson ( tenor sax ) , Bob Gilette ( banjo ) , Vic Moore ( drums ) , Dick Voynow ( piano ) and Al Gandee ( trombone ) form The Wolverines and record first at the Gennett studios in Richmond , Indiana with Fidgety Feet .
A 20-year old Bix Beiderbecke ( cornet ) , Min Lelbrook ( tuba ) , Jimmy Hartwell ( clarinet ) , George Johnson ( tenor sax ) , Bob Gilette ( banjo ) , Vic Moore ( drums ) , Dick Voynow ( piano ) and Al Gandee ( trombone ) form The Wolverines and be recorded first at the Gennett studios in Richmond , Indiana with Fidgety Feet .
A 20-year old Bix Beiderbecke ( cornet ) , Min Lelbrook ( tuba ) , Jimmy Hartwell ( clarinet ) , George Johnson ( tenor sax ) , Bob Gilette ( banjo ) , Vic Moore ( drums ) , Dick Voynow ( piano ) and Al Gandee ( trombone ) form The Wolverines and make their first recording at the Gennett studios in Richmond , Indiana with Fidgety Feet .
-------------------
A 2102 study by security specialist Imperva reported that most security programs do not offer their protection against new types of attacks which target particular individuals with uniquely tailored threats , rather than `` everyone 's mom '' , singling out Emsisoft and Avast for offering protection against yet unknown threats .
Adverb - sufficiently quickly , l
A 2102 study by security specialist Imperva reported that most security programs do not sufficiently quickly protect against new types of attacks which target particular individuals with uniquely tailored threats , rather than `` everyone 's mom '' , singling out Emsisoft and Avast for offering protection against yet unknown threats .
A 2102 study by security specialist Imperva reported that most security programs be not sufficiently quickly protected against new types of attacks which target particular individuals with uniquely tailored threats , rather than `` everyone 's mom '' , singling out Emsisoft and Avast for offering protection against yet unknown threats .
A 2102 study by security specialist Imperva reported that most security programs do not offer sufficiently quick protection against new types of attacks which target particular individuals with uniquely tailored threats , rather than `` everyone 's mom '' , singling out Emsisoft and Avast for offering protection against yet unknown threats .
-------------------
A 21 year old nurse who takes his/her work seriously .
A 21 year old nurse who works seriously .
A 21 year old nurse who is worked seriously .
A 21 year old nurse who takes her work seriously .
-------------------
A 24-hour block will not change his opinions about admins who get their treatment or how to get his point across when he is frustrated .
Adverb - preferably , l
A 24-hour block will not change his opinions about admins who preferably treat or how to get his point across when he is frustrated .
A 24-hour block will not change his opinions about admins who are preferably treated or how to get his point across when he is frustrated .
A 24-hour block will not change his opinions about admins who get preferential treatment or how to get his point across when he is frustrated .
-------------------
A 24-hour crime hotline staffed by Tanzania police officers is available for citizens to make their reports about suspected trafficking victims .
Adverb - anonymously , l
A 24-hour crime hotline staffed by Tanzania police officers is available for citizens to anonymously report about suspected trafficking victims .
A 24-hour crime hotline staffed by Tanzania police officers is available for citizens to be anonymously reported about suspected trafficking victims .
A 24-hour crime hotline staffed by Tanzania police officers is available for citizens to make anonymous reports about suspected trafficking victims .
-------------------
A 25th minute goal by Ronald Gómez gives its start , but a pair by Bartosz Bosacki in the 33rd and 66th minutes give Poland some consolation as both teams go home .
Adverb - well , l
A 25th minute goal by Ronald Gómez starts Costa Rica well , but a pair by Bartosz Bosacki in the 33rd and 66th minutes give Poland some consolation as both teams go home .
A 25th minute goal by Ronald Gómez is started well , but a pair by Bartosz Bosacki in the 33rd and 66th minutes give Poland some consolation as both teams go home .
A 25th minute goal by Ronald Gómez gives Costa Rica a good start , but a pair by Bartosz Bosacki in the 33rd and 66th minutes give Poland some consolation as both teams go home .
-------------------
A 26-man break had developed , with Luke Roberts briefly taking their lead , but Palomares hit the front after the race was neutralised .
Adverb - outright , h
A 26-man break had developed , with Luke Roberts briefly leading outright , but Palomares hit the front after the race was neutralised .
A 26-man break had developed , with Luke Roberts briefly being led outright , but Palomares hit the front after the race was neutralised .
A 26-man break had developed , with Luke Roberts briefly taking the outright lead , but Palomares hit the front after the race was neutralised .
-------------------
A 28th minute penalty by David Villa gives its lead , while a 42nd minute goal by Franck Ribéry following a beautiful run makes things all-square at half time .
A 28th minute penalty by David Villa leads Spain , while a 42nd minute goal by Franck Ribéry following a beautiful run makes things all-square at half time .
A 28th minute penalty by David Villa is led , while a 42nd minute goal by Franck Ribéry following a beautiful run makes things all-square at half time .
A 28th minute penalty by David Villa gives Spain the lead , while a 42nd minute goal by Franck Ribéry following a beautiful run makes things all-square at half time .
-------------------
A 28-year follow-up of 740 veterans of World War II who had their spleens removed on the battlefield found that those who had been splenectomized showed their excess of mortality from pneumonia ( 6 rather than the expected 1 .
exceeded -5.306
exceeded of -8.917
A 28-year follow - up of 740 veterans of World War II who had their spleens removed on the battlefield found that those who had been splenectomized exceeded mortality from pneumonia ( 6 rather than the expected 1 . 
A 28-year follow - up of 740 veterans of World War II who had their spleens removed on the battlefield found that those who had been splenectomized were exceeded mortality from pneumonia ( 6 rather than the expected 1 . 
A 28-year follow-up of 740 veterans of World War II who had their spleens removed on the battlefield found that those who had been splenectomized showed a significant excess of mortality from pneumonia ( 6 rather than the expected 1 .
-------------------
A 28-year-old magazine editor who is tired of work and feels she does n't have her life is assigned to be in charge of a very popular cartoonist with a lovely name , Yuriko Hanazono .
A 28-year-old magazine editor who is tired of work and feels she does n't live is assigned to be in charge of a very popular cartoonist with a lovely name , Yuriko Hanazono .
A 28-year-old magazine editor who is tired of work and feels she be n't lived is assigned to be in charge of a very popular cartoonist with a lovely name , Yuriko Hanazono .
A 28-year-old magazine editor who is tired of work and feels she does n't have a life is assigned to be in charge of a very popular cartoonist with a lovely name , Yuriko Hanazono .
-------------------
A2 ) about which I posted earlier is now eight days old , and we have n't had our vote in over 24 hours .
Adverb - new , e
voted -4.835
voted in -6.273
A2 ) about which I posted earlier is now eight days old , and we have n't voted new in over 24 hours .
A2 ) about which I posted earlier is now eight days old , and we have n't been voted new in over 24 hours .
A2 ) about which I posted earlier is now eight days old , and we have n't had a new vote in over 24 hours .
-------------------
A 2D tube has its openings on the same plane ; a 3D has openings on different planes .
opened -4.506
opened on -6.09
A 2D tube opens on the same plane ; a 3D has openings on different planes .
A 2D tube is opened on the same plane ; a 3D has openings on different planes .
A 2D tube has the openings on the same plane ; a 3D has openings on different planes .
-------------------
A 2D tube has the openings on the same plane ; a 3D has its openings on different planes .
opened -4.506
opened on -6.09
A 2D tube has the openings on the same plane ; a 3D opens on different planes .
A 2D tube has the openings on the same plane ; a 3D is opened on different planes .
A 2D tube has the openings on the same plane ; a 3D has openings on different planes .
-------------------
A2 infant ] shows his/her response to mother on reunion , with some tendency to greet and approach , intermingled with a marked tendency to move or turn away from her , move past her , avert the gaze from her , or ignore her .
responded -5.061
responded to -5.398
A2 infant ] responds to mother on reunion , with some tendency to greet and approach , intermingled with a marked tendency to move or turn away from her , move past her , avert the gaze from her , or ignore her .
A2 infant ] is responded to mother on reunion , with some tendency to greet and approach , intermingled with a marked tendency to move or turn away from her , move past her , avert the gaze from her , or ignore her .
A2 infant ] shows a mixed response to mother on reunion , with some tendency to greet and approach , intermingled with a marked tendency to move or turn away from her , move past her , avert the gaze from her , or ignore her .
-------------------
A 2nd AfD , the other choice , if it gave its del decision , would be the final death of this article .
A 2nd AfD , the other choice , if it decided , would be the final death of this article .
A 2nd AfD , the other choice , if it was decided , would be the final death of this article .
A 2nd AfD , the other choice , if it gave a del decision , would be the final death of this article .
-------------------
A ( 2 ) This method provides its estimate of the true formation porosity , in the presence of gas , particularly in formations that are not invaded by fluids from the wellbore .
Adverb - more accurately , l
A ( 2 ) This method more accurately estimates the true formation porosity , in the presence of gas , particularly in formations that are not invaded by fluids from the wellbore . 
A ( 2 ) This method is more accurately estimated the true formation porosity , in the presence of gas , particularly in formations that are not invaded by fluids from the wellbore . 
A ( 2 ) This method provides a much more accurate estimate of the true formation porosity , in the presence of gas , particularly in formations that are not invaded by fluids from the wellbore .
-------------------
A 31-day pass offers its rides for 31 consecutive days from the first day of use on regular routes ( 1 through 25 ) ; there are two separate types of 31-day passes for Route 29 .
A 31-day pass rides 31 consecutive days from the first day of use on regular routes ( 1 through 25 ) ; there are two separate types of 31-day passes for Route 29 . 
A 31-day pass is ridden 31 consecutive days from the first day of use on regular routes ( 1 through 25 ) ; there are two separate types of 31-day passes for Route 29 . 
A 31-day pass offers unlimited rides for 31 consecutive days from the first day of use on regular routes ( 1 through 25 ) ; there are two separate types of 31-day passes for Route 29 .
-------------------
A320The A320 series has its variants , the A320-100 and A320-200 .
A320The A320 series varies twice , the A320-100 and A320-200 .
A320The A320 series is varied twice , the A320-100 and A320-200 .
A320The A320 series has two variants , the A320-100 and A320-200 .
-------------------
A380 , meaning it has its entries .
A380 , meaning it enters about 15 times .
A380 , meaning it is entered about 15 times .
A380 , meaning it has about 15 entries .
-------------------
A39 Goulburn Valley Highway ( Melbourne to Tocumwal ) , it provides its links in the region .
A39 Goulburn Valley Highway ( Melbourne to Tocumwal ) , it links in the region .
A39 Goulburn Valley Highway ( Melbourne to Tocumwal ) , it is linked in the region .
A39 Goulburn Valley Highway ( Melbourne to Tocumwal ) , it provides primary arterial links in the region .
-------------------
A 3D photo mode was introduced in 2011 , whereby the camera automatically takes its image from a slightly different perspective and provides a standard MPO file for stereo display .
Adverb - second , n
A 3D photo mode was introduced in 2011 , whereby the camera automatically images second from a slightly different perspective and provides a standard MPO file for stereo display .
A 3D photo mode was introduced in 2011 , whereby the camera automatically is imaged second from a slightly different perspective and provides a standard MPO file for stereo display .
A 3D photo mode was introduced in 2011 , whereby the camera automatically takes a second image from a slightly different perspective and provides a standard MPO file for stereo display .
-------------------
A 3KW Solar Voltaic array and Solar hot water heater make their use of southern light and the building features , including R-40 insulation , clerestory windows , and considerable thermal mass from the plastered walls and concrete foundation .
A 3KW Solar Voltaic array and Solar hot water heater use southern light and the building features , including R-40 insulation , clerestory windows , and considerable thermal mass from the plastered walls and concrete foundation . 
A 3KW Solar Voltaic array and Solar hot water heater are used southern light and the building features , including R-40 insulation , clerestory windows , and considerable thermal mass from the plastered walls and concrete foundation . 
A 3KW Solar Voltaic array and Solar hot water heater make use of southern light and the building features , including R-40 insulation , clerestory windows , and considerable thermal mass from the plastered walls and concrete foundation .
-------------------
A 3-manifold which has its cover is said to virtually fiber .
Adverb - finitely , l
A 3-manifold which finitely covers is said to virtually fiber .
A 3-manifold which is finitely covered is said to virtually fiber .
A 3-manifold which has such a finite cover is said to virtually fiber .
-------------------
A 3-way socket has its contacts .
Adverb - electrically , l
A 3-way socket electrically contacts thrice .
A 3-way socket is electrically contacted thrice .
A 3-way socket has three electrical contacts .
-------------------
A 46 acre ( 19 hectare ) housing tract , labeled a slum because it had its housing , was torn down for multi-story , multi-racial Le Corbusier-style high rises , named the Christopher Columbus Homes .
Adverb - densely , l
A 46 acre ( 19 hectare ) housing tract , labeled a slum because it densely housed , was torn down for multi-story , multi-racial Le Corbusier-style high rises , named the Christopher Columbus Homes .
A 46 acre ( 19 hectare ) housing tract , labeled a slum because it was densely housed , was torn down for multi-story , multi-racial Le Corbusier-style high rises , named the Christopher Columbus Homes .
A 46 acre ( 19 hectare ) housing tract , labeled a slum because it had dense older housing , was torn down for multi-story , multi-racial Le Corbusier-style high rises , named the Christopher Columbus Homes .
-------------------
A 4 days old account with at least 10 edits automatically gets its permission .
A 4 days old account with at least 10 edits automatically permits .
A 4 days old account with at least 10 edits automatically is permitted .
A 4 days old account with at least 10 edits automatically gets the autoconfirmed permission .
-------------------
A4e have their operations in Australia , Paris , France , Germany , Ireland , Israel ( operating as Amin ) , Italy , Poland , South Africa and India .
Adverb - internationally , l
operated -4.59
operated in -6.05
A4e internationally operate in Australia , Paris , France , Germany , Ireland , Israel ( operating as Amin ) , Italy , Poland , South Africa and India .
A4e are internationally operated in Australia , Paris , France , Germany , Ireland , Israel ( operating as Amin ) , Italy , Poland , South Africa and India .
A4e have international operations in Australia , Paris , France , Germany , Ireland , Israel ( operating as Amin ) , Italy , Poland , South Africa and India .
-------------------
A4 get their bans for nothing but .
A4 ban for nothing but .
A4 are banned for nothing but .
A4 get overly lengthy bans for nothing but .
-------------------
A 4-manifold bounds a 5-manifold if and only if it has its signature .
A 4-manifold bounds a 5-manifold if and only if it does not sign .
A 4-manifold bounds a 5-manifold if and only if it is not signed .
A 4-manifold bounds a 5-manifold if and only if it has zero signature .
-------------------
A `` 4-phase clock '' has its clock signals distributed on 4 wires ( four phase logic ) .
A `` 4-phase clock '' signals distributed on 4 wires ( four phase logic ) .
A `` 4-phase clock '' is signalled distributed on 4 wires ( four phase logic ) .
A `` 4-phase clock '' has clock signals distributed on 4 wires ( four phase logic ) .
-------------------
A 5 , 000 year old earthen bowl found in Iran in Shahr-i Sokhta has its images of a goat painted along the sides .
imaged -6.376
imaged of -9.195
A 5 , 000 year old earthen bowl found in Iran in Shahr - i Sokhta images five times a goat painted along the sides . 
A 5 , 000 year old earthen bowl found in Iran in Shahr - i Sokhta is imaged five times a goat painted along the sides . 
A 5 , 000 year old earthen bowl found in Iran in Shahr-i Sokhta has five images of a goat painted along the sides .
-------------------
A 500 MW_electrical Mark I reactor has its load of about 1500 MW due to inefficiencies .
loaded -4.525
loaded of -8.186
A 500 MW_electrical Mark I reactor loads about 1500 MW due to inefficiencies . 
A 500 MW_electrical Mark I reactor is loaded about 1500 MW due to inefficiencies . 
A 500 MW_electrical Mark I reactor has an operating thermal load of about 1500 MW due to inefficiencies .
-------------------
A 5 , 200 year-old earthen bowl found in Shahr-i Sokhta , Iran , has its images of a goat painted along the sides .
imaged -6.376
imaged of -9.195
A 5 , 200 year - old earthen bowl found in Shahr - i Sokhta , Iran , images five times a goat painted along the sides . 
A 5 , 200 year - old earthen bowl found in Shahr - i Sokhta , Iran , is imaged five times a goat painted along the sides . 
A 5 , 200 year-old earthen bowl found in Shahr-i Sokhta , Iran , has five images of a goat painted along the sides .
-------------------
A55 , which are the National Speed Limit ) and is a non-motorway special road , which has its restrictions on access by pedestrian and other traffic , similar to the restrictions applied to a motorway .
restricted -4.868
restricted on -7.438
A55 , which are the National Speed Limit ) and is a non - motorway special road , which restricts access by pedestrian and other traffic , similar to the restrictions applied to a motorway . 
A55 , which are the National Speed Limit ) and is a non - motorway special road , which is restricted access by pedestrian and other traffic , similar to the restrictions applied to a motorway . 
A55 , which are the National Speed Limit ) and is a non-motorway special road , which has restrictions on access by pedestrian and other traffic , similar to the restrictions applied to a motorway .
-------------------
A 56-yard punt in the first quarter marked the ninth consecutive game he had his kick of at least 50 yards .
kicked -5.313
kicked of -8.071
A 56-yard punt in the first quarter marked the ninth consecutive game he kicked at least 50 yards . 
A 56-yard punt in the first quarter marked the ninth consecutive game he was kicked at least 50 yards . 
A 56-yard punt in the first quarter marked the ninth consecutive game he had a kick of at least 50 yards .
-------------------
A 5-member delegation representing the European Parliament pays its visit to Taiwan .
visited -4.661
visited to -7.256
A 5-member delegation representing the European Parliament visits Taiwan . 
A 5-member delegation representing the European Parliament is visited Taiwan . 
A 5-member delegation representing the European Parliament pays a 4-day visit to Taiwan .
-------------------
A5p which has its images in it .
imaged -6.376
imaged in -7.552
A5p which images about 50 times in it .
A5p which is imaged about 50 times in it .
A5p which has about 50 images in it .
-------------------
A 5 storey corner building which shows its influences but little has remained of its original facade decorations ( a protected building since 1994 ) .
A 5 storey corner building which influences but little has remained of its original facade decorations ( a protected building since 1994 ) .
A 5 storey corner building which is influenced but little has remained of its original facade decorations ( a protected building since 1994 ) .
A 5 storey corner building which shows the north German influences but little has remained of its original facade decorations ( a protected building since 1994 ) .
-------------------
A 64 bit OS can make their use of more RAM , whereas ( normally ) a 32 bit OS is limited to a maximum 4GB of RAM .
A 64 bit OS can use more RAM , whereas ( normally ) a 32 bit OS is limited to a maximum 4GB of RAM . 
A 64 bit OS can be used more RAM , whereas ( normally ) a 32 bit OS is limited to a maximum 4GB of RAM . 
A 64 bit OS can make use of more RAM , whereas ( normally ) a 32 bit OS is limited to a maximum 4GB of RAM .
-------------------
A-67 Dragon counter-insurgency aircraft quietly makes its flight '' .
Adverb - first , s
A-67 Dragon counter-insurgency aircraft quietly flies first '' .
A-67 Dragon counter-insurgency aircraft quietly is flown first '' .
A-67 Dragon counter-insurgency aircraft quietly makes first flight '' .
-------------------
A 6th-minute goal by Gianluca Zambrotta gives its lead .
A 6th-minute goal by Gianluca Zambrotta leads Italy .
A 6th-minute goal by Gianluca Zambrotta is led .
A 6th-minute goal by Gianluca Zambrotta gives Italy the lead .
-------------------
A 6th-round pick in by the NFL 's New York Jets , Bryant enjoyed great success playing for the Canadian Football League 's Winnipeg Blue Bombers from where he has his records , notably a single game rushing record for most yards ( 246 ) against Hamilton , September 17 , 1994 which stood for almost 15 years til it was broken August 21 , 2009 .
Adverb - severely , l
A 6th-round pick in by the NFL 's New York Jets , Bryant enjoyed great success playing for the Canadian Football League 's Winnipeg Blue Bombers from where he severely records , notably a single game rushing record for most yards ( 246 ) against Hamilton , September 17 , 1994 which stood for almost 15 years til it was broken August 21 , 2009 .
A 6th-round pick in by the NFL 's New York Jets , Bryant enjoyed great success playing for the Canadian Football League 's Winnipeg Blue Bombers from where he is severely recorded , notably a single game rushing record for most yards ( 246 ) against Hamilton , September 17 , 1994 which stood for almost 15 years til it was broken August 21 , 2009 .
A 6th-round pick in by the NFL 's New York Jets , Bryant enjoyed great success playing for the Canadian Football League 's Winnipeg Blue Bombers from where he has several playing records , notably a single game rushing record for most yards ( 246 ) against Hamilton , September 17 , 1994 which stood for almost 15 years til it was broken August 21 , 2009 .
-------------------
A 76-page book in Italian published in Sicily ( Augustæ Taurinorum , ex officina salesiana ) divided into two main parts , each of which have their introduction and a conclusion .
A 76-page book in Italian published in Sicily ( Augustæ Taurinorum , ex officina salesiana ) divided into two main parts , each of which introduce and have a conclusion .
A 76-page book in Italian published in Sicily ( Augustæ Taurinorum , ex officina salesiana ) divided into two main parts , each of which are introduced and have a conclusion .
A 76-page book in Italian published in Sicily ( Augustæ Taurinorum , ex officina salesiana ) divided into two main parts , each of which have an introduction and a conclusion .
-------------------
A7 article makes its claim of notability , no evident basis for such a claim .
A7 article does not claim notability , no evident basis for such a claim . 
A7 article is not claimed notability , no evident basis for such a claim . 
A7 article makes no claim of notability , no evident basis for such a claim .
-------------------
A7 as it has its claim ( not necessarily a good one ) of notability ( youngest businessman in a town , owning a successful business ) but promptly tag it with , as it is unsourced .
A7 as it claims ( not necessarily a good one ) of notability ( youngest businessman in a town , owning a successful business ) but promptly tag it with , as it is unsourced .
A7 as it is claimed ( not necessarily a good one ) of notability ( youngest businessman in a town , owning a successful business ) but promptly tag it with , as it is unsourced .
A7 as it has a claim ( not necessarily a good one ) of notability ( youngest businessman in a town , owning a successful business ) but promptly tag it with , as it is unsourced .
-------------------
A7 as it has its claim of notability , that it won a prize ( assuming on good faith that the word prize was left from Médicis ) but promptly tag it with , as it is unsourced .
claimed -4.875
claimed of -8.061
A7 as it claims notability , that it won a prize ( assuming on good faith that the word prize was left from Médicis ) but promptly tag it with , as it is unsourced . 
A7 as it is claimed notability , that it won a prize ( assuming on good faith that the word prize was left from Médicis ) but promptly tag it with , as it is unsourced . 
A7 as it has a claim of notability , that it won a prize ( assuming on good faith that the word prize was left from Médicis ) but promptly tag it with , as it is unsourced .
-------------------
A7 , as it made its assertion of significance at that point .
A7 , as it did not asserted significance at that point . 
A7 , as it was not asserted significance at that point . 
A7 , as it made absolutely no assertion of significance at that point .
-------------------
A7 as proposed to cover all subjects which make their assertion of notability .
A7 as proposed to cover all subjects which do not assert notability . 
A7 as proposed to cover all subjects which are not asserted notability . 
A7 as proposed to cover all subjects which make no assertion of notability .
-------------------
A7 , as the article has its indication of why the article might meet our notability guidelines .
indicated -4.645
indicated of -8.149
A7 , as the article does not indicate why the article might meet our notability guidelines . 
A7 , as the article is not indicated why the article might meet our notability guidelines . 
A7 , as the article has no indication of why the article might meet our notability guidelines .
-------------------
A7 as well , the article provides its assertions of notability .
A7 as well , the article does not assert notability . 
A7 as well , the article is not asserted notability . 
A7 as well , the article provides NO assertions of notability .
-------------------
A7 because it does make its claim to importance ( philanthropy , stand up comedy etc .
claimed -4.875
claimed to -5.786
A7 because it does claim to importance ( philanthropy , stand up comedy etc .
A7 because it be claimed to importance ( philanthropy , stand up comedy etc .
A7 because it does make at least some claim to importance ( philanthropy , stand up comedy etc .
-------------------
A7 because it has its claim to notability , although no reliable secondary sources can be found .
claimed -4.875
claimed to -5.786
A7 because it claims to notability , although no reliable secondary sources can be found .
A7 because it is claimed to notability , although no reliable secondary sources can be found .
A7 because it has some claim to notability , although no reliable secondary sources can be found .
-------------------
A7 can only be used when the article makes its claim to importance .
claimed -4.875
claimed to -5.786
A7 can only be used when the article does not claim to importance .
A7 can only be used when the article is not claimed to importance .
A7 can only be used when the article makes no claim to importance .
-------------------
A7 could apply to road accidents , but perhaps it should be rewritten to cover events that make their claim to notability .
claimed -4.875
claimed to -5.786
A7 could apply to road accidents , but perhaps it should be rewritten to cover events that do not claim to notability .
A7 could apply to road accidents , but perhaps it should be rewritten to cover events that are not claimed to notability .
A7 could apply to road accidents , but perhaps it should be rewritten to cover events that make no claim to notability .
-------------------
A7 deletable , since it makes its claims to importance .
claimed -4.875
claimed to -5.786
A7 deletable , since it claims to importance .
A7 deletable , since it is claimed to importance .
A7 deletable , since it makes some claims to importance .
-------------------
A7 have their links , and would therefore not have been created if my proposal had been a reality .
A7 do not link , and would therefore not have been created if my proposal had been a reality .
A7 are not linked , and would therefore not have been created if my proposal had been a reality .
A7 have no incoming links , and would therefore not have been created if my proposal had been a reality .
-------------------
A7 ( I make my claim that this is a repost , so not calling for G4 ) .
A7 ( I do not claim that this is a repost , so not calling for G4 ) .
A7 ( I am not claimed that this is a repost , so not calling for G4 ) .
A7 ( I make no claim that this is a repost , so not calling for G4 ) .
-------------------
A7 in that it did not make its assertion as to the significance or importance of the company .
A7 in that it did not assert as to the significance or importance of the company .
A7 in that it be not asserted as to the significance or importance of the company .
A7 in that it did not make any assertion as to the significance or importance of the company .
-------------------
A7 is exclusively for articles which make their claims of importance or notability .
A7 is exclusively for articles which do not claim importance or notability . 
A7 is exclusively for articles which are not claimed importance or notability . 
A7 is exclusively for articles which make no claims of importance or notability .
-------------------
A7 is just about whether it makes its claim to notability .
Adverb - reasonably , l
claimed -4.875
claimed to -5.786
A7 is just about whether it reasonably claims to notability .
A7 is just about whether it is reasonably claimed to notability .
A7 is just about whether it makes a reasonable claim to notability .
-------------------
A7 is just nonsense , as the article had its references in it , and as well the article is obviously clearly notable .
referred -4.64
referred in -7.016
A7 is just nonsense , as the article referred it , and as well the article is obviously clearly notable . 
A7 is just nonsense , as the article was referred it , and as well the article is obviously clearly notable . 
A7 is just nonsense , as the article had references in it , and as well the article is obviously clearly notable .
-------------------
A7 is making sure that the article does not make its claim of significance or importance .
Adverb - credibly , l
A7 is making sure that the article does not credibly claim significance or importance . 
A7 is making sure that the article be not credibly claimed significance or importance . 
A7 is making sure that the article does not make a credible claim of significance or importance .
-------------------
A7 is not about notability , but importance ; if an article has its assertion of importance , it can not be deleted under A7 .
Adverb - credibly , l
asserted -5.686
asserted of -8.464
A7 is not about notability , but importance ; if an article credibly asserts importance , it can not be deleted under A7 . 
A7 is not about notability , but importance ; if an article is credibly asserted importance , it can not be deleted under A7 . 
A7 is not about notability , but importance ; if an article has any credible assertion of importance , it can not be deleted under A7 .
-------------------
A7 is only for articles that make their assertion of notability .
A7 is only for articles that do not assert notability . 
A7 is only for articles that are not asserted notability . 
A7 is only for articles that make no assertion of notability .
-------------------
A7 is only for articles that make their assertion whatsoever of importance .
A7 is only for articles that do not assert whatsoever of importance .
A7 is only for articles that are not asserted whatsoever of importance .
A7 is only for articles that make no assertion whatsoever of importance .
-------------------
A7 ( it definitely made its assertion of significance enough to pass A7 ) .
A7 ( it definitely asserted significance enough to pass A7 ) . 
A7 ( it definitely was asserted significance enough to pass A7 ) . 
A7 ( it definitely made an assertion of significance enough to pass A7 ) .
-------------------
A7 ( no assertion of notability ) claim is closer , but the article does make its claim of notability .
A7 ( no assertion of notability ) claim is closer , but the article does claim notability . 
A7 ( no assertion of notability ) claim is closer , but the article be claimed notability . 
A7 ( no assertion of notability ) claim is closer , but the article does make a weak claim of notability .
-------------------
A7 ( non-notable website ) , but the author contacted me with some sources which give their assertion of notability , so it no longer qualifies .
A7 ( non - notable website ) , but the author contacted me with some sources which assert notability , so it no longer qualifies . 
A7 ( non - notable website ) , but the author contacted me with some sources which are asserted notability , so it no longer qualifies . 
A7 ( non-notable website ) , but the author contacted me with some sources which give an assertion of notability , so it no longer qualifies .
-------------------
A7 refers to articles that make their claim of notability at all , rather than those that the tagger feels is non-notable .
A7 refers to articles that do not claim notability at all , rather than those that the tagger feels is non - notable . 
A7 refers to articles that are not claimed notability at all , rather than those that the tagger feels is non - notable . 
A7 refers to articles that make no claim of notability at all , rather than those that the tagger feels is non-notable .
-------------------
A7 requires that an article make its claim of significance in order to avoid speedy deletion , and this article does not .
Adverb - credibly , l
A7 requires that an article credibly claim least once significance in order to avoid speedy deletion , and this article does not . 
A7 requires that an article is credibly claimed least once significance in order to avoid speedy deletion , and this article does not . 
A7 requires that an article make at least one credible claim of significance in order to avoid speedy deletion , and this article does not .
-------------------
A7 requires that they make their assertion of importance or significance , whatsoever .
A7 requires that they do not assert importance or significance , whatsoever . 
A7 requires that they are not asserted importance or significance , whatsoever . 
A7 requires that they make no assertion of importance or significance , whatsoever .
-------------------
A7 says an article may be deleted if the article has its assertion of notability .
asserted -5.686
asserted of -8.464
A7 says an article may be deleted if the article does not assert notability . 
A7 says an article may be deleted if the article is not asserted notability . 
A7 says an article may be deleted if the article has no assertion of notability .
-------------------
A7 should apply to artilces that make their claims of notability whatsoever .
Adverb - apparently , l
A7 should apply to artilces that do not apparently claim notability whatsoever . 
A7 should apply to artilces that are not apparently claimed notability whatsoever . 
A7 should apply to artilces that make no apparent claims of notability whatsoever .
-------------------
A 7 '' single from the album , containing the songs `` Echoes '' and `` Longshot '' was released and it got its attention of the Bergen-based record company Karisma .
A 7 '' single from the album , containing the songs `` Echoes '' and `` Longshot '' was released and it attended the Bergen - based record company Karisma . 
A 7 '' single from the album , containing the songs `` Echoes '' and `` Longshot '' was released and it was attended the Bergen - based record company Karisma . 
A 7 '' single from the album , containing the songs `` Echoes '' and `` Longshot '' was released and it got the attention of the Bergen-based record company Karisma .
-------------------
A7 speedy delete , but I must say that I think this particular diner gets his/her play in contemporary navel gazing New York culture .
A7 speedy delete , but I must say that I think this particular diner plays in contemporary navel gazing New York culture .
A7 speedy delete , but I must say that I think this particular diner is played in contemporary navel gazing New York culture .
A7 speedy delete , but I must say that I think this particular diner gets some play in contemporary navel gazing New York culture .
-------------------
A 7th century stone inscription in Kudumiyan Malai in Tamil Nadu shows its vowel changes to solfege symbols with ra , ri , ru etc .
A 7th century stone inscription in Kudumiyan Malai in Tamil Nadu changes to solfege symbols with ra , ri , ru etc .
A 7th century stone inscription in Kudumiyan Malai in Tamil Nadu is changed to solfege symbols with ra , ri , ru etc .
A 7th century stone inscription in Kudumiyan Malai in Tamil Nadu shows vowel changes to solfege symbols with ra , ri , ru etc .
-------------------
A7 , the article has its claim of importance .
claimed -4.875
claimed of -8.061
A7 , the article does not claim importance . 
A7 , the article is not claimed importance . 
A7 , the article has no claim of importance .
-------------------
A7 ; the article makes its assertion of notability , credible or otherwise .
A7 ; the article does not assert notability , credible or otherwise . 
A7 ; the article is not asserted notability , credible or otherwise . 
A7 ; the article makes no assertion of notability , credible or otherwise .
-------------------
A7 , the initial article made its claims to notability which specifically disqualifies an article to be speedily deleted .
Adverb - severely , l
claimed -4.875
claimed to -5.786
A7 , the initial article severely claimed to notability which specifically disqualifies an article to be speedily deleted .
A7 , the initial article was severely claimed to notability which specifically disqualifies an article to be speedily deleted .
A7 , the initial article made several claims to notability which specifically disqualifies an article to be speedily deleted .
-------------------
A7 when appropriate , I also PROD , tag and even improve when able ( add sources , add cats etc ) and I have had my comments on my talk page ( there for all to see ) and I have responded accordingly .
commented -4.754
commented on -5.315
A7 when appropriate , I also PROD , tag and even improve when able ( add sources , add cats etc ) and I have commented on my talk page ( there for all to see ) and I have responded accordingly .
A7 when appropriate , I also PROD , tag and even improve when able ( add sources , add cats etc ) and I have been commented on my talk page ( there for all to see ) and I have responded accordingly .
A7 when appropriate , I also PROD , tag and even improve when able ( add sources , add cats etc ) and I have had a few -ve comments on my talk page ( there for all to see ) and I have responded accordingly .
-------------------
A7 ( which says the article makes its claim of notability ) is applicable .
A7 ( which says the article does not claim notability ) is applicable . 
A7 ( which says the article is not claimed notability ) is applicable . 
A7 ( which says the article makes no claim of notability ) is applicable .
-------------------
A 9-piece cut ( usually for fast food restaurants ) has its tip of the breast cut off before splitting .
tipped -5.638
tipped of -8.977
A 9-piece cut ( usually for fast food restaurants ) tips the breast cut off before splitting . 
A 9-piece cut ( usually for fast food restaurants ) is tipped the breast cut off before splitting . 
A 9-piece cut ( usually for fast food restaurants ) has the tip of the breast cut off before splitting .
-------------------
A9 requires both that the band have no article , and that the article about the musical recording make its claim to significance .
claimed -4.875
claimed to -5.786
A9 requires both that the band have no article , and that the article about the musical recording do not claim to significance .
A9 requires both that the band have no article , and that the article about the musical recording is not claimed to significance .
A9 requires both that the band have no article , and that the article about the musical recording make no claim to significance .
-------------------
AAAACCCCDDDDCCCC has its unblock request that has not been responded to in a long time .
AAAACCCCDDDDCCCC requests that has not been responded to in a long time .
AAAACCCCDDDDCCCC is requested that has not been responded to in a long time .
AAAACCCCDDDDCCCC has a pending unblock request that has not been responded to in a long time .
-------------------
AAAAlso a few months ago I got my call of duty 3 '' for the wii and I was horibly disapointed .
AAAAlso a few months ago I called duty 3 '' for the wii and I was horibly disapointed . 
AAAAlso a few months ago I was called duty 3 '' for the wii and I was horibly disapointed . 
AAAAlso a few months ago I got `` call of duty 3 '' for the wii and I was horibly disapointed .
-------------------
AAA ] ] ) and you 'll have their link .
AAA ] ] ) and you 'll link .
AAA ] ] ) and you 'll are linked .
AAA ] ] ) and you 'll have a link .
-------------------
AAA , as they do their images to companies ) .
AAA , as they image companies ) . 
AAA , as they are imaged companies ) . 
AAA , as they do other images to companies ) .
-------------------
AAAC conductors also have their corrosion resistance when compared with ACSR .
AAAC conductors also resist when compared with ACSR .
AAAC conductors also are resisted when compared with ACSR .
AAAC conductors also have superior corrosion resistance when compared with ACSR .
-------------------
Aaacooper has his/her focus for link aaacooper .
focussed -6.016
focussed for -8.634
Aaacooper focuses link aaacooper . 
Aaacooper is focussed link aaacooper . 
Aaacooper has focus for link aaacooper .
-------------------
AAA Five Diamond hotel in 1996 and still holds its distinction today .
AAA Five Diamond hotel in 1996 and still distinguishes today .
AAA Five Diamond hotel in 1996 and still is distinguished today .
AAA Five Diamond hotel in 1996 and still holds that distinction today .
-------------------
AAA has warned consumers repeatedly against products that make their claims and encourages motorists to instead develop fuel-conserving driving habits such as reducing the weight of the vehicle by removing unnecessary objects from the trunk , smooth stops and starts , and reducing their speed .
Adverb - such , c
AAA has warned consumers repeatedly against products that claim such and encourages motorists to instead develop fuel-conserving driving habits such as reducing the weight of the vehicle by removing unnecessary objects from the trunk , smooth stops and starts , and reducing their speed .
AAA has warned consumers repeatedly against products that are claimed such and encourages motorists to instead develop fuel-conserving driving habits such as reducing the weight of the vehicle by removing unnecessary objects from the trunk , smooth stops and starts , and reducing their speed .
AAA has warned consumers repeatedly against products that make such claims and encourages motorists to instead develop fuel-conserving driving habits such as reducing the weight of the vehicle by removing unnecessary objects from the trunk , smooth stops and starts , and reducing their speed .
-------------------
AAA holds its tribute show to Antonio Peña each year around the anniversary of his death , as part of the Antonio Peña Memorial Shows AAA holds the Copa Antonio Peña , a tournament in honor of Peña .
AAA shows Antonio Peña each year around the anniversary of his death , as part of the Antonio Peña Memorial Shows AAA holds the Copa Antonio Peña , a tournament in honor of Peña . 
AAA is shown Antonio Peña each year around the anniversary of his death , as part of the Antonio Peña Memorial Shows AAA holds the Copa Antonio Peña , a tournament in honor of Peña . 
AAA holds a tribute show to Antonio Peña each year around the anniversary of his death , as part of the Antonio Peña Memorial Shows AAA holds the Copa Antonio Peña , a tournament in honor of Peña .
-------------------
Aaa intern has made his/her attempts to communicate in any of the multitude of discussions that have taken place .
Aaa intern has not attempted to communicate in any of the multitude of discussions that have taken place .
Aaa intern has not been attempted to communicate in any of the multitude of discussions that have taken place .
Aaa intern has made no attempts to communicate in any of the multitude of discussions that have taken place .
-------------------
Aaand to bring the debate back - in Slovenian the name is not among the most popular ones , but it does have its variants .
Aaand to bring the debate back - in Slovenian the name is not among the most popular ones , but it does vary .
Aaand to bring the debate back - in Slovenian the name is not among the most popular ones , but it be varied .
Aaand to bring the debate back - in Slovenian the name is not among the most popular ones , but it does have both variants .
-------------------
Aaatulmishra has his/her focus for link spaze .
focussed -6.016
focussed for -8.634
Aaatulmishra focuses link spaze . 
Aaatulmishra is focussed link spaze . 
Aaatulmishra has focus for link spaze .
-------------------
Aabar also has his/her plans to build spaceport facilities in Abu Dhabi .
Aabar also plans to build spaceport facilities in Abu Dhabi .
Aabar also is planned to build spaceport facilities in Abu Dhabi .
Aabar also has plans to build spaceport facilities in Abu Dhabi .
-------------------
AABB ( Banco do their Brasil Athletic Association ) - With a football field and facilities for parties and other events , the usually members-only location is often rented for private occasions .
AABB ( Banco associate ) - With a football field and facilities for parties and other events , the usually members-only location is often rented for private occasions .
AABB ( Banco are associated ) - With a football field and facilities for parties and other events , the usually members-only location is often rented for private occasions .
AABB ( Banco do Brasil Athletic Association ) - With a football field and facilities for parties and other events , the usually members-only location is often rented for private occasions .
-------------------
AAB Founder Louise Burfitt-dons has given his/her speeches on bullying [ 1 ] publicly raising concern over the rising statistics of random acts of violence in society and its adverse effect on youth culture , female aggression , and modern trends like happy slapping .
AAB Founder Louise Burfitt-dons has spoken on bullying [ 1 ] publicly raising concern over the rising statistics of random acts of violence in society and its adverse effect on youth culture , female aggression , and modern trends like happy slapping .
AAB Founder Louise Burfitt-dons has been spoken on bullying [ 1 ] publicly raising concern over the rising statistics of random acts of violence in society and its adverse effect on youth culture , female aggression , and modern trends like happy slapping .
AAB Founder Louise Burfitt-dons has given many public speeches on bullying [ 1 ] publicly raising concern over the rising statistics of random acts of violence in society and its adverse effect on youth culture , female aggression , and modern trends like happy slapping .
-------------------
A ) Academic studies - these make their use of sources to provide an interpretation .
Adverb - critically , l
A ) Academic studies - these critically use sources to provide an interpretation . 
A ) Academic studies - these are critically used sources to provide an interpretation . 
A ) Academic studies - these make critical use of sources to provide an interpretation .
-------------------
AAC compression formats in the FLV file format has its limitations and authors of Flash Player strongly encourage everyone to embrace the new standard F4V file format .
AAC compression formats in the FLV file format limits and has authors of Flash Player strongly encourage everyone to embrace the new standard F4V file format .
AAC compression formats in the FLV file format is limited and has authors of Flash Player strongly encourage everyone to embrace the new standard F4V file format .
AAC compression formats in the FLV file format has some limitations and authors of Flash Player strongly encourage everyone to embrace the new standard F4V file format .
-------------------
AAC has its ties with the Society of Catholic Priests .
AAC ties with the Society of Catholic Priests .
AAC is tied with the Society of Catholic Priests .
AAC has ties with the Society of Catholic Priests .
-------------------
Aachen , takes its form of a man 's bust ; it is a rare survival of an aquamanile in a precious metal .
Aachen , forms a man 's bust ; it is a rare survival of an aquamanile in a precious metal . 
Aachen , is formed a man 's bust ; it is a rare survival of an aquamanile in a precious metal . 
Aachen , takes the form of a man 's bust ; it is a rare survival of an aquamanile in a precious metal .
-------------------
A Achievement ( Torch ) The central image of the coin is the Sydney 2000 Olympic torch , which draws its inspiration from the Sydney Opera House , the blue waters of the Pacific Ocean and the curve of the boomerang .
A Achievement ( Torch ) The central image of the coin is the Sydney 2000 Olympic torch , which inspires the Sydney Opera House , the blue waters of the Pacific Ocean and the curve of the boomerang . 
A Achievement ( Torch ) The central image of the coin is the Sydney 2000 Olympic torch , which is inspired the Sydney Opera House , the blue waters of the Pacific Ocean and the curve of the boomerang . 
A Achievement ( Torch ) The central image of the coin is the Sydney 2000 Olympic torch , which draws its inspiration from the Sydney Opera House , the blue waters of the Pacific Ocean and the curve of the boomerang .
-------------------
AAC provides its support either as formed sub-units ( e .
AAC supports either as formed sub-units ( e .
AAC is supported either as formed sub-units ( e .
AAC provides support either as formed sub-units ( e .
-------------------
AACS encryption key meme , the other is to an article on a speech by Milton in 1644 whihc makes its mention whatsoever of the concept .
AACS encryption key meme , the other is to an article on a speech by Milton in 1644 whihc does not mention whatsoever of the concept .
AACS encryption key meme , the other is to an article on a speech by Milton in 1644 whihc is not mentioned whatsoever of the concept .
AACS encryption key meme , the other is to an article on a speech by Milton in 1644 whihc makes no mention whatsoever of the concept .
-------------------
AACT ] ] , as everyone else does ; but since that got shut down at the 11th hour , this has its shot and should probably be closed .
AACT ] ] , as everyone else does ; but since that got shut down at the 11th hour , this does not shoot and should probably be closed .
AACT ] ] , as everyone else does ; but since that got shut down at the 11th hour , this is not shot and should probably be closed .
AACT ] ] , as everyone else does ; but since that got shut down at the 11th hour , this has no shot and should probably be closed .
-------------------
AAD civil affairs and engineering soldiers are working to fix the water system , which draws its water supply directly from the Freedom ( formerly Saddam ) Lake in Northern Iraq .
AAD civil affairs and engineering soldiers are working to fix the water system , which supplies directly from the Freedom ( formerly Saddam ) Lake in Northern Iraq .
AAD civil affairs and engineering soldiers are working to fix the water system , which is supplied directly from the Freedom ( formerly Saddam ) Lake in Northern Iraq .
AAD civil affairs and engineering soldiers are working to fix the water system , which draws its water supply directly from the Freedom ( formerly Saddam ) Lake in Northern Iraq .
-------------------
AADD but a few people made reasoned well thought out arguments she would make her call .
Adverb - right , h
AADD but a few people made reasoned well thought out arguments she would call right .
AADD but a few people made reasoned well thought out arguments she would be called right .
AADD but a few people made reasoned well thought out arguments she would make the right call .
-------------------
AADD , it has its advice in parts , but it is also a great collection of strawman examples that are very often misapplied .
advised -4.898
advised in -6.865
AADD , it advises parts , but it is also a great collection of strawman examples that are very often misapplied . 
AADD , it is advised parts , but it is also a great collection of strawman examples that are very often misapplied . 
AADD , it has some useful advice in parts , but it is also a great collection of strawman examples that are very often misapplied .
-------------------
AA describes alcoholism as an illness that involves a physical allergy ( where `` allergy '' has its meaning than that used in modern medicine .
Adverb - differently , l
AA describes alcoholism as an illness that involves a physical allergy ( where `` allergy '' differently means than that used in modern medicine .
AA describes alcoholism as an illness that involves a physical allergy ( where `` allergy '' is differently meant than that used in modern medicine .
AA describes alcoholism as an illness that involves a physical allergy ( where `` allergy '' has a different meaning than that used in modern medicine .
-------------------
Aadiiwiki has his/her focus for link songsfeed .
focussed -6.016
focussed for -8.634
Aadiiwiki focuses link songsfeed . 
Aadiiwiki is focussed link songsfeed . 
Aadiiwiki has focus for link songsfeed .
-------------------
AAD makes its hit at an altitude of and at a speed of Mach 4 .
Adverb - direct , c
AAD hits direct at an altitude of and at a speed of Mach 4 .
AAD is hit direct at an altitude of and at a speed of Mach 4 .
AAD makes a direct hit at an altitude of and at a speed of Mach 4 .
-------------------
A admin ( forget his name ) said that now my only issue with the article was that i had my references .
Adverb - well , l
A admin ( forget his name ) said that now my only issue with the article was that i did not referred well .
A admin ( forget his name ) said that now my only issue with the article was that i was not referred well .
A admin ( forget his name ) said that now my only issue with the article was that i had no `` good '' references .
-------------------
AADT data for sections north of Varaždin show their drops in traffic volume .
Adverb - considerably , l
AADT data for sections north of Varaždin considerably drop in traffic volume .
AADT data for sections north of Varaždin are considerably dropped in traffic volume .
AADT data for sections north of Varaždin show considerable drops in traffic volume .
-------------------
A advisor of the king wanted to persuade him and said `` The sword of satan is still a sword '' ( Sorry , I can only show my meaning of this quotation .
A advisor of the king wanted to persuade him and said `` The sword of satan is still a sword '' ( Sorry , I can only show the meaning of this quotation .
-------------------
AAFMAA also offers its insurance products to spouses , children and grandchildren of members .
produced -4.38
produced to -6.395
AAFMAA also produces spouses , children and grandchildren of members . 
AAFMAA also is produced spouses , children and grandchildren of members . 
AAFMAA also offers its insurance products to spouses , children and grandchildren of members .
-------------------
AAFPRS members not only have their focus in patient care but they also have had more comprehensive training in facial surgery than any other medical specialty .
AAFPRS members not only have a precise focus in patient care but they also have had more comprehensive training in facial surgery than any other medical specialty .
-------------------
AAF WACs held their assignments such as file clerk , typist , and stenographer .
AAF WACs assigned such as file clerk , typist , and stenographer .
AAF WACs were assigned such as file clerk , typist , and stenographer .
AAF WACs held traditional assignments such as file clerk , typist , and stenographer .
-------------------
AAHA produces Guidelines developed by teams of veterinary experts that provide their recommendations to improve the quality of pet health care in a veterinary practice .
AAHA produces Guidelines developed by teams of veterinary experts that recommend to improve the quality of pet health care in a veterinary practice .
AAHA produces Guidelines developed by teams of veterinary experts that are recommended to improve the quality of pet health care in a veterinary practice .
AAHA produces Guidelines developed by teams of veterinary experts that provide recommendations to improve the quality of pet health care in a veterinary practice .
-------------------
AA has had its accusations of being cult-like from a fairly wide variety of sources .
accused -4.833
accused of -5.088
AA has accused of being cult-like from a fairly wide variety of sources .
AA has been accused of being cult-like from a fairly wide variety of sources .
AA has had accusations of being cult-like from a fairly wide variety of sources .
-------------------
Aa has its fitness as aa , e .
Adverb - same , m
Aa fits same as aa , e .
Aa is fitted same as aa , e .
Aa has the same fitness as aa , e .
-------------------
Aa has its fitness as AA , e .
Adverb - same , m
Aa fits same as AA , e .
Aa is fitted same as AA , e .
Aa has the same fitness as AA , e .
-------------------
Aa , he would have become a member of that society except he had his argument with one of the directors based on `` two letters to anonymous '' , that he wrote in 1751 and 1752 .
Aa , he would have become a member of that society except he argued with one of the directors based on `` two letters to anonymous '' , that he wrote in 1751 and 1752 .
Aa , he would have become a member of that society except he was argued with one of the directors based on `` two letters to anonymous '' , that he wrote in 1751 and 1752 .
Aa , he would have become a member of that society except he had an argument with one of the directors based on `` two letters to anonymous '' , that he wrote in 1751 and 1752 .
-------------------
A A historical marker shows its location of a sandstone cave , site of the first building in St .
located -3.955
located of -7.713
A A historical marker locates a sandstone cave , site of the first building in St . 
A A historical marker is located a sandstone cave , site of the first building in St . 
A A historical marker shows the former location of a sandstone cave , site of the first building in St .
-------------------
AAIA provides its funding for youth summer camps with a cultural , language , substance abuse , and health and wellness focus .
funded -4.92
funded for -7.065
AAIA funds youth summer camps with a cultural , language , substance abuse , and health and wellness focus . 
AAIA is funded youth summer camps with a cultural , language , substance abuse , and health and wellness focus . 
AAIA provides funding for youth summer camps with a cultural , language , substance abuse , and health and wellness focus .
-------------------
AA Ireland has its customer base of 400 , 000 .
based -3.487
based of -7.1
AA Ireland bases 400 , 000 . 
AA Ireland is based 400 , 000 . 
AA Ireland has a customer base of 400 , 000 .
-------------------
Aajtakinfotech has his/her focus for link aajtakinfotech .
focussed -6.016
focussed for -8.634
Aajtakinfotech focuses link aajtakinfotech . 
Aajtakinfotech is focussed link aajtakinfotech . 
Aajtakinfotech has focus for link aajtakinfotech .
-------------------
Aakash Educational Services Limited has its student base of more than 60 , 000 students and more than 70 study centres across India .
Adverb - annually , l
based -3.487
based of -7.1
Aakash Educational Services Limited annually bases more than 60 , 000 students and more than 70 study centres across India . 
Aakash Educational Services Limited is annually based more than 60 , 000 students and more than 70 study centres across India . 
Aakash Educational Services Limited has an annual student base of more than 60 , 000 students and more than 70 study centres across India .
-------------------
Aak is similar to dangak in that both are rarely played and both have their influences .
Aak is similar to dangak in that both are rarely played and both influence .
Aak is similar to dangak in that both are rarely played and both are influenced .
Aak is similar to dangak in that both are rarely played and both have Chinese influences .
-------------------
Aalbc has his/her focus for link aalbc .
focussed -6.016
focussed for -8.634
Aalbc focuses link aalbc . 
Aalbc is focussed link aalbc . 
Aalbc has focus for link aalbc .
-------------------
Aalborg Zoo has made its mark in many ways with projects on conservation of nature and environment .
marked -4.526
marked in -6.244
Aalborg Zoo has marked in many ways with projects on conservation of nature and environment .
Aalborg Zoo has been marked in many ways with projects on conservation of nature and environment .
Aalborg Zoo has made their mark in many ways with projects on conservation of nature and environment .
-------------------
A album after Ice Cube had left the group in December 1989 , and the group makes its references to its former member .
Adverb - numerably , l
referred -4.64
referred to -4.711
A album after Ice Cube had left the group in December 1989 , and the group numerably refers to its former member .
A album after Ice Cube had left the group in December 1989 , and the group is numerably referred to its former member .
A album after Ice Cube had left the group in December 1989 , and the group makes numerous sardonic references to its former member .
-------------------
AALeYzbTHe guy ( first response ) does his/her calculation which shows that a `` large '' 100000µF 100 volt capacitor in the end stores `` 500 joules '' as compared with 5400 joules in an AAA battery .
AALeYzbTHe guy ( first response ) calculates which shows that a `` large '' 100000µF 100 volt capacitor in the end stores `` 500 joules '' as compared with 5400 joules in an AAA battery .
AALeYzbTHe guy ( first response ) is calculated which shows that a `` large '' 100000µF 100 volt capacitor in the end stores `` 500 joules '' as compared with 5400 joules in an AAA battery .
AALeYzbTHe guy ( first response ) does a calculation which shows that a `` large '' 100000µF 100 volt capacitor in the end stores `` 500 joules '' as compared with 5400 joules in an AAA battery .
-------------------
Aaliyah expressed she had always desired to work with Janet Jackson , whom she had drawn her comparison to over the course of her career , stating `` I admire her a great deal .
Adverb - frequently , l
Aaliyah expressed she had always desired to work with Janet Jackson , whom she had frequently compared to over the course of her career , stating `` I admire her a great deal .
Aaliyah expressed she had always desired to work with Janet Jackson , whom she had been frequently compared to over the course of her career , stating `` I admire her a great deal .
Aaliyah expressed she had always desired to work with Janet Jackson , whom she had drawn frequent comparison to over the course of her career , stating `` I admire her a great deal .
-------------------
Aaliyah has had probably the most impact on my career , '' he states , `` because when I made my choice to start singing it was because of something that my father had told me which was , 'There 's no rapper out there that sings and raps and does both things well .
Aaliyah has had probably the most impact on my career , '' he states , `` because when I chose to start singing it was because of something that my father had told me which was , 'There 's no rapper out there that sings and raps and does both things well .
Aaliyah has had probably the most impact on my career , '' he states , `` because when I was chosen to start singing it was because of something that my father had told me which was , 'There 's no rapper out there that sings and raps and does both things well .
Aaliyah has had probably the most impact on my career , '' he states , `` because when I made a choice to start singing it was because of something that my father had told me which was , 'There 's no rapper out there that sings and raps and does both things well .
-------------------
A ) All the opposes are OMGNOTAMATEURSPORTS and ( B ) why do people always make their comparisons to items that are never nominated , like World Jr .
A ) All the opposes are OMGNOTAMATEURSPORTS and ( B ) why do people always make comparisons to items that are never nominated , like World Jr .
-------------------
A also provides its support to emerging and professional artists of all ages through cultural exchange training programs , professional development and exhibition services .
supported -4.354
supported to -6.645
A also supports emerging and professional artists of all ages through cultural exchange training programs , professional development and exhibition services . 
A also is supported emerging and professional artists of all ages through cultural exchange training programs , professional development and exhibition services . 
A also provides support to emerging and professional artists of all ages through cultural exchange training programs , professional development and exhibition services .
-------------------
A- Although it is not forbidden to do so I would give my warning about sockpuppetry and if it does not stop a another warning , still does not stop then the user would be blocked .
A- Although it is not forbidden to do so I would warn this user about sockpuppetry and if it does not stop a another warning , still does not stop then the user would be blocked .
A- Although it is not forbidden to do so I would be warned about sockpuppetry and if it does not stop a another warning , still does not stop then the user would be blocked .
A- Although it is not forbidden to do so I would give this user a warning about sockpuppetry and if it does not stop a another warning , still does not stop then the user would be blocked .
-------------------
AAL was formed as a fraternal society that would not be objectionable to Lutheran pastors and leaders , so that Lutherans could have their insurance protection and participate in fraternal lodges without losing their church membership .
AAL was formed as a fraternal society that would not be objectionable to Lutheran pastors and leaders , so that Lutherans could protect and participate in fraternal lodges without losing their church membership .
AAL was formed as a fraternal society that would not be objectionable to Lutheran pastors and leaders , so that Lutherans could be protected and participate in fraternal lodges without losing their church membership .
AAL was formed as a fraternal society that would not be objectionable to Lutheran pastors and leaders , so that Lutherans could have affordable life insurance protection and participate in fraternal lodges without losing their church membership .
-------------------
Aamadu Bàmba Mbàkke , Senegal 's most famous Sufi , was more than a spiritual master ; he had his mission as well , that of rescuing society from colonial alienation and returning it to the `` Straight Path '' of Islam .
Adverb - socially , l
Aamadu Bàmba Mbàkke , Senegal 's most famous Sufi , was more than a spiritual master ; he socially missed as well , that of rescuing society from colonial alienation and returning it to the `` Straight Path '' of Islam .
Aamadu Bàmba Mbàkke , Senegal 's most famous Sufi , was more than a spiritual master ; he was socially missed as well , that of rescuing society from colonial alienation and returning it to the `` Straight Path '' of Islam .
Aamadu Bàmba Mbàkke , Senegal 's most famous Sufi , was more than a spiritual master ; he had a social mission as well , that of rescuing society from colonial alienation and returning it to the `` Straight Path '' of Islam .
-------------------
AAMB does its service performances for high schools , junior high schools , and elementary schools , and has been the host band of the Indianapolis 500 race every year the race has been held since 1927 .
AAMB performs for high schools , junior high schools , and elementary schools , and has been the host band of the Indianapolis 500 race every year the race has been held since 1927 .
AAMB is performed for high schools , junior high schools , and elementary schools , and has been the host band of the Indianapolis 500 race every year the race has been held since 1927 .
AAMB does many service performances for high schools , junior high schools , and elementary schools , and has been the host band of the Indianapolis 500 race every year the race has been held since 1927 .
-------------------
AAMS coordinators also offer their conciliation assistance , coordinate mediations with trained mediators , or coordinate arbitrations or early neutral evaluations .
AAMS coordinators also assist , coordinate mediations with trained mediators , or coordinate arbitrations or early neutral evaluations .
AAMS coordinators also are assisted , coordinate mediations with trained mediators , or coordinate arbitrations or early neutral evaluations .
AAMS coordinators also offer conciliation assistance , coordinate mediations with trained mediators , or coordinate arbitrations or early neutral evaluations .
-------------------
AAMVP offers a national forum to support mobile veterinary practitioners , veterinary students , and the vendors who provide their products and services for quality veterinary medicine .
AAMVP offers a national forum to support mobile veterinary practitioners , veterinary students , and the vendors who produce and provide services for quality veterinary medicine .
AAMVP offers a national forum to support mobile veterinary practitioners , veterinary students , and the vendors who are produced and provide services for quality veterinary medicine .
AAMVP offers a national forum to support mobile veterinary practitioners , veterinary students , and the vendors who provide products and services for quality veterinary medicine .
-------------------
A AMW television episode is a ( reasonably ) reliable source ( reasonably sensational mass media , and all ) , and if you do n't have your choice , I 'd say use it .
A AMW television episode is a ( reasonably ) reliable source ( reasonably sensational mass media , and all ) , and if you do n't choose , I 'd say use it .
A AMW television episode is a ( reasonably ) reliable source ( reasonably sensational mass media , and all ) , and if you be n't chosen , I 'd say use it .
A AMW television episode is a ( reasonably ) reliable source ( reasonably sensational mass media , and all ) , and if you do n't have another choice , I 'd say use it .
-------------------
A and B have their fight , A has a bio page , B goes and edits in a picayune manner , B has a conflict of interest , A has NO recourse at all .
A and B fight , A has a bio page , B goes and edits in a picayune manner , B has a conflict of interest , A has NO recourse at all .
A and B are fought , A has a bio page , B goes and edits in a picayune manner , B has a conflict of interest , A has NO recourse at all .
A and B have a fight , A has a bio page , B goes and edits in a picayune manner , B has a conflict of interest , A has NO recourse at all .
-------------------
A and B samples showed their signs of EPO and he faced a two-year ban .
signalled -6.565
signalled of -10.188
A and B samples signalled EPO and he faced a two - year ban . 
A and B samples were signalled EPO and he faced a two - year ban . 
A and B samples showed signs of EPO and he faced a two-year ban .
-------------------
A '' and `` C '' Companies made their flanking attack through the sand dunes by the coast while `` D '' Company infiltrated through the enemy lines to size the crossroads .
Adverb - right , h
A '' and `` C '' Companies attacked right through the sand dunes by the coast while `` D '' Company infiltrated through the enemy lines to size the crossroads .
A '' and `` C '' Companies were attacked right through the sand dunes by the coast while `` D '' Company infiltrated through the enemy lines to size the crossroads .
A '' and `` C '' Companies made a right flanking attack through the sand dunes by the coast while `` D '' Company infiltrated through the enemy lines to size the crossroads .
-------------------
A and C have their vote between them on first preferences , but transfers from F put A into `` second place '' .
A and C vote only once between them on first preferences , but transfers from F put A into `` second place '' .
A and C are voted only once between them on first preferences , but transfers from F put A into `` second place '' .
A and C have only one vote between them on first preferences , but transfers from F put A into `` second place '' .
-------------------
A and D have even entries and B and C have their entries .
A and D have even entries and B and C have odd entries .
-------------------
A and other procedural things that people draw their attention to , and only if I consider them loose ends that need my attention , like this DRV ) , there 's suddenly been a sharp increase in pointless XfDs against cue-sports-related pages .
A and other procedural things that people attend to , and only if I consider them loose ends that need my attention , like this DRV ) , there 's suddenly been a sharp increase in pointless XfDs against cue-sports-related pages .
A and other procedural things that people are attended to , and only if I consider them loose ends that need my attention , like this DRV ) , there 's suddenly been a sharp increase in pointless XfDs against cue-sports-related pages .
A and other procedural things that people draw my attention to , and only if I consider them loose ends that need my attention , like this DRV ) , there 's suddenly been a sharp increase in pointless XfDs against cue-sports-related pages .
-------------------
A and R man Bert Kaempfert saw the pairing on stage , he suggested that Sheridan and the Beatles make their recordings together .
A and R man Bert Kaempfert saw the pairing on stage , he suggested that Sheridan and the Beatles record together .
A and R man Bert Kaempfert saw the pairing on stage , he suggested that Sheridan and the Beatles are recorded together .
A and R man Bert Kaempfert saw the pairing on stage , he suggested that Sheridan and the Beatles make some recordings together .
-------------------
A , and the principle one just mentioned has its library holdings in worldCat .
held -4.023
held in -4.967
A , and the principle one just mentioned holds over 900 times in worldCat .
A , and the principle one just mentioned is held over 900 times in worldCat .
A , and the principle one just mentioned has over 900 library holdings in worldCat .
-------------------
A , and thus gives its rise to a dichotomy .
A , and thus raises a dichotomy . 
A , and thus is raised a dichotomy . 
A , and thus gives rise to a dichotomy .
-------------------
A and US 44 over the Washington Bridge and its approaches , though the former has its signs .
A and US 44 over the Washington Bridge and its approaches , though the former signals almost no times .
A and US 44 over the Washington Bridge and its approaches , though the former is signalled almost no times .
A and US 44 over the Washington Bridge and its approaches , though the former has almost no signs .
-------------------
AAndyTheGrump which I had my intention of bringing up initially .
intended -4.394
intended of -7.692
AAndyTheGrump which I did not intended bringing up initially . 
AAndyTheGrump which I was not intended bringing up initially . 
AAndyTheGrump which I had no intention of bringing up initially .
-------------------
Aanyway , I had my notion , but my conclusion was that the size of the universe is by definition fixed .
Aanyway , I noted , but my conclusion was that the size of the universe is by definition fixed .
Aanyway , I was noted , but my conclusion was that the size of the universe is by definition fixed .
Aanyway , I had a similar notion , but my conclusion was that the size of the universe is by definition fixed .
-------------------
AAPG Communications director Larry Nation told the New York Times , `` It is fiction , but it has its ring of truth '' .
Adverb - absolutely , l
rung -6.106
rung of -7.2
AAPG Communications director Larry Nation told the New York Times , `` It is fiction , but it absolutely rings of truth '' .
AAPG Communications director Larry Nation told the New York Times , `` It is fiction , but it is absolutely rung of truth '' .
AAPG Communications director Larry Nation told the New York Times , `` It is fiction , but it has the absolute ring of truth '' .
-------------------
AAPG publishes the AAPG Explorer magazine and AAPG Bulletin scientific journal , holds its meeting including a technical conference and exhibition , sponsors other conferences and continuing education for members around the world such as ongoing Geosciences Technology Workshops , and provides various other services to its members .
Adverb - annually , l
AAPG publishes the AAPG Explorer magazine and AAPG Bulletin scientific journal , annually meets including a technical conference and exhibition , sponsors other conferences and continuing education for members around the world such as ongoing Geosciences Technology Workshops , and provides various other services to its members .
AAPG publishes the AAPG Explorer magazine and AAPG Bulletin scientific journal , is annually met including a technical conference and exhibition , sponsors other conferences and continuing education for members around the world such as ongoing Geosciences Technology Workshops , and provides various other services to its members .
AAPG publishes the AAPG Explorer magazine and AAPG Bulletin scientific journal , holds an annual meeting including a technical conference and exhibition , sponsors other conferences and continuing education for members around the world such as ongoing Geosciences Technology Workshops , and provides various other services to its members .
-------------------
Aarakshan has his/her intentions but it is a tad confusing in its stance .
Adverb - right , h
Aarakshan intends right but it is a tad confusing in its stance .
Aarakshan is intended right but it is a tad confusing in its stance .
Aarakshan has all the right intentions but it is a tad confusing in its stance .
-------------------
Aardklop makes his/her contribution to the celebration and development of local arts in a universal context .
Adverb - structurally , l
contributed -4.897
contributed to -5.284
Aardklop structurally contributes to the celebration and development of local arts in a universal context .
Aardklop is structurally contributed to the celebration and development of local arts in a universal context .
Aardklop makes a constructive contribution to the celebration and development of local arts in a universal context .
-------------------
A area of the site was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975 as Stillwater Marsh , which provides its protections .
A area of the site was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975 as Stillwater Marsh , which protects .
A area of the site was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975 as Stillwater Marsh , which is protected .
A area of the site was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975 as Stillwater Marsh , which provides limited protections .
-------------------
Aaron also held the career home runs record from April 8 , 1974 Four Braves players currently hold their Baseball records .
Aaron also held the career home runs record from April 8 , 1974 Four Braves players currently record .
Aaron also held the career home runs record from April 8 , 1974 Four Braves players currently are recorded .
Aaron also held the career home runs record from April 8 , 1974 Four Braves players currently hold Major League Baseball records .
-------------------
Aaron also holds his/her Conference records and set the school record in the 60 meters .
Adverb - big , i
Aaron also records big 12 times and set the school record in the 60 meters .
Aaron also is recorded big 12 times and set the school record in the 60 meters .
Aaron also holds Big 12 Conference records and set the school record in the 60 meters .
-------------------
Aaron and Hazel then become determined to show Jackson that he has his life worth living .
Aaron and Hazel then become determined to show Jackson that he lives worth living .
Aaron and Hazel then become determined to show Jackson that he is lived worth living .
Aaron and Hazel then become determined to show Jackson that he has a life worth living .
-------------------
Aaron and Serena start to date each other while Dan realizes that he still has his feelings for Serena .
felt -4.345
felt for -6.553
Aaron and Serena start to date each other while Dan realizes that he still feels Serena . 
Aaron and Serena start to date each other while Dan realizes that he still is felt Serena . 
Aaron and Serena start to date each other while Dan realizes that he still has feelings for Serena .
-------------------
Aaron Boyce holds his/her team records in most goaltending categories .
Aaron Boyce records in most goaltending categories .
Aaron Boyce is recorded in most goaltending categories .
Aaron Boyce holds team records in most goaltending categories .
-------------------
Aaron described it as `` a stupid thing to do '' , observing that the pill made him feel like he `` was having his heart attack '' .
Aaron described it as `` a stupid thing to do '' , observing that the pill made him feel like he `` was attacking '' .
Aaron described it as `` a stupid thing to do '' , observing that the pill made him feel like he `` was being attacked '' .
Aaron described it as `` a stupid thing to do '' , observing that the pill made him feel like he `` was having a heart attack '' .
-------------------
Aaron Echolls also hires Keith to find out who is giving his/her publicity .
Adverb - bad , a
Aaron Echolls also hires Keith to find out who is publishing him bad .
Aaron Echolls also hires Keith to find out who is being published bad .
Aaron Echolls also hires Keith to find out who is giving him bad publicity .
-------------------
Aaron Gerdes have made their contributions to Wikipedia other than to this article and its AfD .
contributed -4.897
contributed to -5.284
Aaron Gerdes have contributed to Wikipedia other than to this article and its AfD .
Aaron Gerdes have been contributed to Wikipedia other than to this article and its AfD .
Aaron Gerdes have made any significant contributions to Wikipedia other than to this article and its AfD .
-------------------
Aaron has his/her understanding of policy , and of the nature of the encyclopedia .
Adverb - firm , r
understood -4.871
understood of -7.437
Aaron understands firm policy , and of the nature of the encyclopedia . 
Aaron is understood firm policy , and of the nature of the encyclopedia . 
Aaron has a firm understanding of policy , and of the nature of the encyclopedia .
-------------------
Aaron has his/her deal of suppressed guilt and remorse over abandoning his wife .
dealt -5.227
dealt of -9.201
Aaron deals suppressed guilt and remorse over abandoning his wife . 
Aaron is dealt suppressed guilt and remorse over abandoning his wife . 
Aaron has a great deal of suppressed guilt and remorse over abandoning his wife .
-------------------
Aaron has his/her love of hockey and has been on skates since he was 2 years old .
loved -4.413
loved of -7.661
Aaron loves hockey and has been on skates since he was 2 years old . 
Aaron is loved hockey and has been on skates since he was 2 years old . 
Aaron has a love of hockey and has been on skates since he was 2 years old .
-------------------
Aaron has his/her tendency to hit the central marker ( a maple leaf ) due to target fixation , and he too does not manage to do the doughnut .
Aaron tends to hit the central marker ( a maple leaf ) due to target fixation , and he too does not manage to do the doughnut .
Aaron is tended to hit the central marker ( a maple leaf ) due to target fixation , and he too does not manage to do the doughnut .
Aaron has a tendency to hit the central marker ( a maple leaf ) due to target fixation , and he too does not manage to do the doughnut .
-------------------
Aaron has made his/her television appearances since leaving the house on OK !
Adverb - severely , l
Aaron has severely appeared since leaving the house on OK !
Aaron has been severely appeared since leaving the house on OK !
Aaron has made several television appearances since leaving the house on OK !
-------------------
Aaron has taken his/her break from the Professional Kiteboard Riders Association World tour in 2010 , he is looking to focus on international promos , and various other events .
Aaron has broken from the Professional Kiteboard Riders Association World tour in 2010 , he is looking to focus on international promos , and various other events .
Aaron has been broken from the Professional Kiteboard Riders Association World tour in 2010 , he is looking to focus on international promos , and various other events .
Aaron has taken a break from the Professional Kiteboard Riders Association World tour in 2010 , he is looking to focus on international promos , and various other events .
-------------------
Aaron hit a total of 13 major league home runs , with eight of them coming in his first year of 1962 , but along with his brother 's then Major League record 755 , they hold their League record for the most career home runs between two brothers ( 768 ) .
Aaron hit a total of 13 major league home runs , with eight of them coming in his first year of 1962 , but along with his brother 's then Major League record 755 , they record for the most career home runs between two brothers ( 768 ) .
Aaron hit a total of 13 major league home runs , with eight of them coming in his first year of 1962 , but along with his brother 's then Major League record 755 , they are recorded for the most career home runs between two brothers ( 768 ) .
Aaron hit a total of 13 major league home runs , with eight of them coming in his first year of 1962 , but along with his brother 's then Major League record 755 , they hold the Major League record for the most career home runs between two brothers ( 768 ) .
-------------------
Aaron holds his/her record for the most seasons as an All-Star ( 21 ) and for the most All-Star Game appearances ( 25 ) ; selected from 1955 through 1975 ( MLB had 2 All-Star games a year from 1959 to 1962 ) .
Aaron records for the most seasons as an All-Star ( 21 ) and for the most All-Star Game appearances ( 25 ) ; selected from 1955 through 1975 ( MLB had 2 All-Star games a year from 1959 to 1962 ) .
Aaron is recorded for the most seasons as an All-Star ( 21 ) and for the most All-Star Game appearances ( 25 ) ; selected from 1955 through 1975 ( MLB had 2 All-Star games a year from 1959 to 1962 ) .
Aaron holds the record for the most seasons as an All-Star ( 21 ) and for the most All-Star Game appearances ( 25 ) ; selected from 1955 through 1975 ( MLB had 2 All-Star games a year from 1959 to 1962 ) .
-------------------
Aaron , if I knew I was going to be called upon to present diffs I would not have made my remark .
Adverb - cynically , l
Aaron , if I knew I was going to be called upon to present diffs I would not have cynically remarked .
Aaron , if I knew I was going to be called upon to present diffs I would not have been cynically remarked .
Aaron , if I knew I was going to be called upon to present diffs I would not have made this cynical remark .
-------------------
Aaron is a strong editor who has made his/her contributions to policy- and guideline-related pages .
Adverb - numerably , l
contributed -4.897
contributed to -5.284
Aaron is a strong editor who has numerably contributed to policy- and guideline-related pages .
Aaron is a strong editor who has been numerably contributed to policy- and guideline-related pages .
Aaron is a strong editor who has made numerous good contributions to policy- and guideline-related pages .
-------------------
Aaron is shot dead , and Bishop II and his men show their intentions , begging Ripley to let them have the `` magnificent specimen '' .
Adverb - true , u
Aaron is shot dead , and Bishop II and his men intend true , begging Ripley to let them have the `` magnificent specimen '' .
Aaron is shot dead , and Bishop II and his men are intended true , begging Ripley to let them have the `` magnificent specimen '' .
Aaron is shot dead , and Bishop II and his men show their true intentions , begging Ripley to let them have the `` magnificent specimen '' .
-------------------
Aaron is slightly taller than Shawn and , according to Aaron , Shawn often gets his/her cast as the nice guy while Aaron himself is cast as the bully .
Aaron is slightly taller than Shawn and , according to Aaron , Shawn often casts as the nice guy while Aaron himself is cast as the bully .
Aaron is slightly taller than Shawn and , according to Aaron , Shawn often is cast as the nice guy while Aaron himself is cast as the bully .
Aaron is slightly taller than Shawn and , according to Aaron , Shawn often gets cast as the nice guy while Aaron himself is cast as the bully .
-------------------
Aaron is the typical bold hero who makes his/her decisions .
Aaron is the typical bold hero who decides .
Aaron is the typical bold hero who is decided .
Aaron is the typical bold hero who makes rushed decisions .
-------------------
Aaron Johnson of the National Weather Service in Dodge City stated that had it not made its turn , Rozel would have likely been destroyed .
Aaron Johnson of the National Weather Service in Dodge City stated that had it not made the turn , Rozel would have likely been destroyed .
-------------------
Aaron Krickstein holds his/her record for being the youngest player ever to win a men 's professional tournament , in Tel Aviv in 1983 .
Aaron Krickstein records for being the youngest player ever to win a men 's professional tournament , in Tel Aviv in 1983 .
Aaron Krickstein is recorded for being the youngest player ever to win a men 's professional tournament , in Tel Aviv in 1983 .
Aaron Krickstein holds the record for being the youngest player ever to win a men 's professional tournament , in Tel Aviv in 1983 .
-------------------
Aaron later meets with Mike , who has his/her suspicions of Tracy confirmed when Aaron tells him she is still alive .
suspected -5.069
suspected of -5.946
Aaron later meets with Mike , who suspects of Tracy confirmed when Aaron tells him she is still alive .
Aaron later meets with Mike , who is suspected of Tracy confirmed when Aaron tells him she is still alive .
Aaron later meets with Mike , who has his suspicions of Tracy confirmed when Aaron tells him she is still alive .
-------------------
Aaron Lawrence ( ( entrepreneur ) ) has his/her set of parenthesis .
Adverb - extra , r
set -3.38
set of -4.347
Aaron Lawrence ( ( entrepreneur ) ) sets extra of parenthesis .
Aaron Lawrence ( ( entrepreneur ) ) is set extra of parenthesis .
Aaron Lawrence ( ( entrepreneur ) ) has an extra set of parenthesis .
-------------------
Aaron Lewis , vocalist of Staind , also has his/her appearance in the DVD .
appeared -4.697
appeared in -5.247
Aaron Lewis , vocalist of Staind , also appears in the DVD .
Aaron Lewis , vocalist of Staind , also is appeared in the DVD .
Aaron Lewis , vocalist of Staind , also has an appearance in the DVD .
-------------------
Aaron makes his/her attacks on a regular basis against those who disagree with him .
Adverb - personably , l
Aaron personably attacks on a regular basis against those who disagree with him .
Aaron is personably attacked on a regular basis against those who disagree with him .
Aaron makes personal attacks on a regular basis against those who disagree with him .
-------------------
Aaron Matthew Riley ( born December 9 , 1980 ) is a retired American mixed martial artist who competed in the Lightweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship , where he holds his/her record .
Aaron Matthew Riley ( born December 9 , 1980 ) is a retired American mixed martial artist who competed in the Lightweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship , where he records 3-6 .
Aaron Matthew Riley ( born December 9 , 1980 ) is a retired American mixed martial artist who competed in the Lightweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship , where he is recorded 3-6 .
Aaron Matthew Riley ( born December 9 , 1980 ) is a retired American mixed martial artist who competed in the Lightweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship , where he holds a 3-6 overall record .
-------------------
Aaron Myette was ejected one batter into the game , reliever Todd Van Poppel threw two scoreless innings during which the Rangers took their lead , and Benoit pitched the rest of the way with Texas never surrendering the lead .
Aaron Myette was ejected one batter into the game , reliever Todd Van Poppel threw two scoreless innings during which the Rangers led , and Benoit pitched the rest of the way with Texas never surrendering the lead .
Aaron Myette was ejected one batter into the game , reliever Todd Van Poppel threw two scoreless innings during which the Rangers were led , and Benoit pitched the rest of the way with Texas never surrendering the lead .
Aaron Myette was ejected one batter into the game , reliever Todd Van Poppel threw two scoreless innings during which the Rangers took the lead , and Benoit pitched the rest of the way with Texas never surrendering the lead .
-------------------
Aaron panics and starts to have a bad trip , believing he is having his heart attack .
Aaron panics and starts to have a bad trip , believing he is attacking .
Aaron panics and starts to have a bad trip , believing he is being attacked .
Aaron panics and starts to have a bad trip , believing he is having a heart attack .
-------------------
Aaronparadas has his/her focus for link global-electricalengineering .
focussed -6.016
focussed for -8.634
Aaronparadas focuses link global - electricalengineering . 
Aaronparadas is focussed link global - electricalengineering . 
Aaronparadas has focus for link global-electricalengineering .
-------------------
Aaron promises her he will keep his head down and do his time , but as Tracy is leaving , one of the guards makes its remarks about Tracy .
Adverb - sexually , l
Aaron promises her he will keep his head down and do his time , but as Tracy is leaving , one of the guards sexually remarks about Tracy .
Aaron promises her he will keep his head down and do his time , but as Tracy is leaving , one of the guards is sexually remarked about Tracy .
Aaron promises her he will keep his head down and do his time , but as Tracy is leaving , one of the guards makes sexual remarks about Tracy .
-------------------
Aaron Rodgers holds his/her NFL record for the highest career passer rating for any player with at least 1 , 500 attempts , with a current mark of 104 .
Aaron Rodgers records for the highest career passer rating for any player with at least 1 , 500 attempts , with a current mark of 104 .
Aaron Rodgers is recorded for the highest career passer rating for any player with at least 1 , 500 attempts , with a current mark of 104 .
Aaron Rodgers holds the NFL record for the highest career passer rating for any player with at least 1 , 500 attempts , with a current mark of 104 .
-------------------
Aaron Rodgers took their advice to heart .
Aaron Rodgers advised to heart .
Aaron Rodgers were advised to heart .
Aaron Rodgers took this advice to heart .
-------------------
Aarons best form came mid year , when he made his players in the reserves in 3 out of 4 games , kicking 9 goals in 4 weeks and averaging 17 touches a game .
Adverb - well , l
played -4.354
played in -5.504
Aarons best form came mid year , when he played well in the reserves in 3 out of 4 games , kicking 9 goals in 4 weeks and averaging 17 touches a game .
Aarons best form came mid year , when he was played well in the reserves in 3 out of 4 games , kicking 9 goals in 4 weeks and averaging 17 touches a game .
Aarons best form came mid year , when he made the best players in the reserves in 3 out of 4 games , kicking 9 goals in 4 weeks and averaging 17 touches a game .
-------------------
Aarons had their love of music , and often invited colleagues and friends to his home in California for sing-along parties .
loved -4.413
loved of -7.661
Aarons loved music , and often invited colleagues and friends to his home in California for sing - along parties . 
Aarons were loved music , and often invited colleagues and friends to his home in California for sing - along parties . 
Aarons had a lifelong love of music , and often invited colleagues and friends to his home in California for sing-along parties .
-------------------
Aaron Solomon Adelman did not say that the cited sources were faulty , and he did not provide his discussion of what he meant by `` a linguistic incompetent '' .
Aaron Solomon Adelman did not say that the cited sources were faulty , and he did not discuss what he meant by `` a linguistic incompetent '' . 
Aaron Solomon Adelman did not say that the cited sources were faulty , and he be not discussed what he meant by `` a linguistic incompetent '' . 
Aaron Solomon Adelman did not say that the cited sources were faulty , and he did not provide a discussion of what he meant by `` a linguistic incompetent '' .
-------------------
Aaron ) ; that public schools can not have their prayer ( Engel v .
Adverb - officially , l
Aaron ) ; that public schools can not officially pray ( Engel v .
Aaron ) ; that public schools can not be officially prayed ( Engel v .
Aaron ) ; that public schools can not have official prayer ( Engel v .
-------------------
Aaron Thomas of GameSpot gave their score of 7 .
Aaron Thomas of GameSpot scored 7 . 
Aaron Thomas of GameSpot were scored 7 . 
Aaron Thomas of GameSpot gave a score of 7 .
-------------------
Aaron Thomas of GameSpot gave their score of 7 .
Aaron Thomas of GameSpot scored Wario Woods 7 . 
Aaron Thomas of GameSpot were scored 7 . 
Aaron Thomas of GameSpot gave Wario 's Woods a score of 7 .
-------------------
Aaron tries to convince Jackson that he still has his life to live .
Aaron tries to convince Jackson that he still lives to live .
Aaron tries to convince Jackson that he still is lived to live .
Aaron tries to convince Jackson that he still has a life to live .
-------------------
Aaroodam ( Prophecy ) , a profession which was conceded to the heir of the Families traditionally had been acclaimed and believed that they have their will to study the destiny of a Human .
Aaroodam ( Prophecy ) , a profession which was conceded to the heir of the Families traditionally had been acclaimed and believed that they will to study the destiny of a Human .
Aaroodam ( Prophecy ) , a profession which was conceded to the heir of the Families traditionally had been acclaimed and believed that they are willed to study the destiny of a Human .
Aaroodam ( Prophecy ) , a profession which was conceded to the heir of the Families traditionally had been acclaimed and believed that they have the will to study the destiny of a Human .
-------------------
AAR uses ( although I have seen both formats in other places , so you probably could make your argument either way ) .
AAR uses ( although I have seen both formats in other places , so you probably could argue either way ) .
AAR uses ( although I have seen both formats in other places , so you probably could be argued either way ) .
AAR uses ( although I have seen both formats in other places , so you probably could make an argument either way ) .
-------------------
Aarya , who is a nephew of actor Sudeep makes his/her debut entry .
Aarya , who is a nephew of actor Sudeep enters .
Aarya , who is a nephew of actor Sudeep is entered .
Aarya , who is a nephew of actor Sudeep makes his debut entry .
-------------------
Aas has its score of 185 .
scored -4.954
scored of -8.55
Aas scores 185 . 
Aas is scored 185 . 
Aas has an Adelskalender score of 185 .
-------------------
Aashiqui ranks in the lot of the few films that have had their hit in each song .
hit -3.616
hit in -5.868
Aashiqui ranks in the lot of the few films that have hit each song . 
Aashiqui ranks in the lot of the few films that have been hit each song . 
Aashiqui ranks in the lot of the few films that have had a hit in each song .
-------------------
A ( as mentioned above ) also has its work .
A ( as mentioned above ) also works .
A ( as mentioned above ) also is worked .
A ( as mentioned above ) also has her work .
-------------------
A ) As mentioned , that author has given his/her permission to use the material .
A ) As mentioned , that author has permitted me to use the material .
A ) As mentioned , that author has been permitted to use the material .
A ) As mentioned , that author has given me permission to use the material .
-------------------
Aastha dislikes this as she herself has her feelings for Sid , who is Manas and Urmila 's son .
felt -4.345
felt for -6.553
Aastha dislikes this as she herself feels Sid , who is Manas and Urmila 's son . 
Aastha dislikes this as she herself is felt Sid , who is Manas and Urmila 's son . 
Aastha dislikes this as she herself has feelings for Sid , who is Manas and Urmila 's son .
-------------------
Aastra Technologies Limited ( ) headquartered in Concord , Ontario , Canada , makes its products and systems for accessing communication networks including the Internet .
Aastra Technologies Limited ( ) headquartered in Concord , Ontario , Canada , produces and makes systems for accessing communication networks including the Internet .
Aastra Technologies Limited ( ) headquartered in Concord , Ontario , Canada , is produced and makes systems for accessing communication networks including the Internet .
Aastra Technologies Limited ( ) headquartered in Concord , Ontario , Canada , makes products and systems for accessing communication networks including the Internet .
-------------------
AAT Accredited Employer Scheme shows its commitment to their staff and their professional development .
committed -4.631
committed to -4.877
AAT Accredited Employer Scheme commits to their staff and their professional development .
AAT Accredited Employer Scheme is committed to their staff and their professional development .
AAT Accredited Employer Scheme shows employers ' commitment to their staff and their professional development .
-------------------
AAUI signals have their description , function , and electrical requirements as the Attachment Unit Interface ( AUI ) signals of the same name , as detailed in IEEE 802 .
Adverb - same , m
AAUI signals describe same , function , and electrical requirements as the Attachment Unit Interface ( AUI ) signals of the same name , as detailed in IEEE 802 .
AAUI signals are described same , function , and electrical requirements as the Attachment Unit Interface ( AUI ) signals of the same name , as detailed in IEEE 802 .
AAUI signals have the same description , function , and electrical requirements as the Attachment Unit Interface ( AUI ) signals of the same name , as detailed in IEEE 802 .
-------------------
Aavik published numerous essays and translations to propagate his ideas ; he had his supporters as well as opponents .
Adverb - vocally , l
Aavik published numerous essays and translations to propagate his ideas ; he vocally supported as well as opponents .
Aavik published numerous essays and translations to propagate his ideas ; he was vocally supported as well as opponents .
Aavik published numerous essays and translations to propagate his ideas ; he had vocal supporters as well as opponents .
-------------------
AAXNn0UThe above link has its description of what happens in the movie .
Adverb - well , l
described -4.328
described of -7.661
AAXNn0UThe above link describes well what happens in the movie . 
AAXNn0UThe above link is described well what happens in the movie . 
AAXNn0UThe above link has a good description of what happens in the movie .
-------------------
A baby when it 's sleeping , has his/her crying .
A baby when it 's sleeping , does not cry .
A baby when it 's sleeping , is not cried .
A baby when it 's sleeping , has no crying .
-------------------
ABAC also has its radio station , WPLH 103 .
ABAC also stands , WPLH 103 .
ABAC also is stood , WPLH 103 .
ABAC also has its own radio station , WPLH 103 .
-------------------
ABA churches have traditionally held their revivals usually once or twice a year .
ABA churches have traditionally held revivals usually once or twice a year .
-------------------
A backgrounder on MAUP ( Interregional Academy of Personnel Management ) ( ADL ) November 3 , 2006 traditional antisemitic propaganda traits that have their connection to Zionism , such as religious antisemitism or solely blaming the Jews for the Russian October Revolution or the Holodomor of 1932-1933 .
connected -4.274
connected to -4.834
A backgrounder on MAUP ( Interregional Academy of Personnel Management ) ( ADL ) November 3 , 2006 traditional antisemitic propaganda traits that do not connect to Zionism , such as religious antisemitism or solely blaming the Jews for the Russian October Revolution or the Holodomor of 1932-1933 .
A backgrounder on MAUP ( Interregional Academy of Personnel Management ) ( ADL ) November 3 , 2006 traditional antisemitic propaganda traits that are not connected to Zionism , such as religious antisemitism or solely blaming the Jews for the Russian October Revolution or the Holodomor of 1932-1933 .
A backgrounder on MAUP ( Interregional Academy of Personnel Management ) ( ADL ) November 3 , 2006 traditional antisemitic propaganda traits that have no connection to Zionism , such as religious antisemitism or solely blaming the Jews for the Russian October Revolution or the Holodomor of 1932-1933 .
-------------------
ABAC provides its report to APEC Economic Leaders containing recommendations to improve the business and investment environment in the Asia-Pacific region , and outlining business views about priority regional issues .
Adverb - annually , l
reported -4.126
reported to -5.293
ABAC annually reports to APEC Economic Leaders containing recommendations to improve the business and investment environment in the Asia-Pacific region , and outlining business views about priority regional issues .
ABAC is annually reported to APEC Economic Leaders containing recommendations to improve the business and investment environment in the Asia-Pacific region , and outlining business views about priority regional issues .
ABAC provides an annual report to APEC Economic Leaders containing recommendations to improve the business and investment environment in the Asia-Pacific region , and outlining business views about priority regional issues .
-------------------
A Bad Check Diversion Program generally pursues the bad check writer by stating ( typically from the local District Attorney 's office ) that the check writer has committed his/her act , and is subject to prosecution .
Adverb - criminally , l
A Bad Check Diversion Program generally pursues the bad check writer by stating ( typically from the local District Attorney 's office ) that the check writer has criminally acted , and is subject to prosecution .
A Bad Check Diversion Program generally pursues the bad check writer by stating ( typically from the local District Attorney 's office ) that the check writer has been criminally acted , and is subject to prosecution .
A Bad Check Diversion Program generally pursues the bad check writer by stating ( typically from the local District Attorney 's office ) that the check writer has committed a criminal act , and is subject to prosecution .
-------------------
A badly wounded Colin takes his/her life , blowing up the house he is in so that Riley and Ganz can escape .
A badly wounded Colin lives , blowing up the house he is in so that Riley and Ganz can escape .
A badly wounded Colin is lived , blowing up the house he is in so that Riley and Ganz can escape .
A badly wounded Colin takes his own life , blowing up the house he is in so that Riley and Ganz can escape .
-------------------
Abadox is also difficult , since it takes its hit from an enemy projectile to be killed .
Abadox is also difficult , since it hits once from an enemy projectile to be killed .
Abadox is also difficult , since it is hit once from an enemy projectile to be killed .
Abadox is also difficult , since it takes one hit from an enemy projectile to be killed .
-------------------
A bagging hook or badging hook ( also spelled in some maker 's catalogues as fagging hook ) is a large sickle or reaping hook ( also known as a reap hook or a rip hook ) tool , usually with an offset handle so that the user 's knuckles do not make their contact with the ground .
A bagging hook or badging hook ( also spelled in some maker 's catalogues as fagging hook ) is a large sickle or reaping hook ( also known as a reap hook or a rip hook ) tool , usually with an offset handle so that the user 's knuckles do not contact the ground . 
A bagging hook or badging hook ( also spelled in some maker 's catalogues as fagging hook ) is a large sickle or reaping hook ( also known as a reap hook or a rip hook ) tool , usually with an offset handle so that the user 's knuckles be not contacted the ground . 
A bagging hook or badging hook ( also spelled in some maker 's catalogues as fagging hook ) is a large sickle or reaping hook ( also known as a reap hook or a rip hook ) tool , usually with an offset handle so that the user 's knuckles do not make contact with the ground .
-------------------
ABAG provides its management , administrative , and fiscal support .
ABAG manages , administrative , and fiscal support .
ABAG is managed , administrative , and fiscal support .
ABAG provides management , administrative , and fiscal support .
-------------------
Abahlali baseMjondolo , the Mandela Park Backyarders , the Treatment Action Campaign , the Social Justice Coalition , and the Western Cape Anti-Eviction Campaign all have their presence in Khayelitsha .
Adverb - strongly , l
presented -4.309
presented in -5.116
Abahlali baseMjondolo , the Mandela Park Backyarders , the Treatment Action Campaign , the Social Justice Coalition , and the Western Cape Anti-Eviction Campaign all strongly present in Khayelitsha .
Abahlali baseMjondolo , the Mandela Park Backyarders , the Treatment Action Campaign , the Social Justice Coalition , and the Western Cape Anti-Eviction Campaign all are strongly presented in Khayelitsha .
Abahlali baseMjondolo , the Mandela Park Backyarders , the Treatment Action Campaign , the Social Justice Coalition , and the Western Cape Anti-Eviction Campaign all have a strong presence in Khayelitsha .
-------------------
Abahlali has often made his/her claims of severe police harassment , including torture .
Abahlali has often made claims of severe police harassment , including torture .
-------------------
A Bahraini lawyer named Fowzia Mohammed Janahi has been giving his/her assistance to transsexuals seeking to have their legal documents changed and be officially recognized in their new gender .
Adverb - legally , l
A Bahraini lawyer named Fowzia Mohammed Janahi has been legally assisting transsexuals seeking to have their legal documents changed and be officially recognized in their new gender . 
A Bahraini lawyer named Fowzia Mohammed Janahi has been being legally assisted transsexuals seeking to have their legal documents changed and be officially recognized in their new gender . 
A Bahraini lawyer named Fowzia Mohammed Janahi has been giving legal assistance to transsexuals seeking to have their legal documents changed and be officially recognized in their new gender .
-------------------
A balance-arm lamp has its base , two connected arms fitted with springs , and a lamp-head .
A balance-arm lamp bases , two connected arms fitted with springs , and a lamp-head .
A balance-arm lamp is based , two connected arms fitted with springs , and a lamp-head .
A balance-arm lamp has a base , two connected arms fitted with springs , and a lamp-head .
-------------------
A balanced article should give its attention to mass-market astrology , and less to the esoteric claims of the professional practitioners .
Adverb - lot more , r
A balanced article should attend lot more mass - market astrology , and less to the esoteric claims of the professional practitioners . 
A balanced article should be attended lot more mass - market astrology , and less to the esoteric claims of the professional practitioners . 
A balanced article should give a lot more attention to mass-market astrology , and less to the esoteric claims of the professional practitioners .
-------------------
A balanced county article would not under any circumstance contain a list of highways , although it might have its mention in the prose .
Adverb - short , r
mentioned -4.448
mentioned in -5.118
A balanced county article would not under any circumstance contain a list of highways , although it might mention short in the prose .
A balanced county article would not under any circumstance contain a list of highways , although it might be mentioned short in the prose .
A balanced county article would not under any circumstance contain a list of highways , although it might have a short mention in the prose .
-------------------
A balanced diet provides its disease prevention , weight control and proper sleep .
Adverb - naturally , l
A balanced diet naturally prevents , weight control and proper sleep .
A balanced diet is naturally prevented , weight control and proper sleep .
A balanced diet provides natural disease prevention , weight control and proper sleep .
-------------------
A Balinese , I Gusti Ngurah Gede Pemecutan makes his/her paintings by fingerprints .
A Balinese , I Gusti Ngurah Gede Pemecutan paints by fingerprints .
A Balinese , I Gusti Ngurah Gede Pemecutan is painted by fingerprints .
A Balinese , I Gusti Ngurah Gede Pemecutan makes his paintings by fingerprints .
-------------------
A balk is considered an interruption in movement after the diver does his/her press immediately before the dive .
A balk is considered an interruption in movement after the diver presses immediately before the dive .
A balk is considered an interruption in movement after the diver is pressed immediately before the dive .
A balk is considered an interruption in movement after the diver does his press immediately before the dive .
-------------------
A ball at Montforte 's palaceWhen Montforte enters , he gives his signal for the ballet to begin .
A ball at Montforte 's palaceWhen Montforte enters , he signals for the ballet to begin .
A ball at Montforte 's palaceWhen Montforte enters , he is signalled for the ballet to begin .
A ball at Montforte 's palaceWhen Montforte enters , he gives the signal for the ballet to begin .
-------------------
A ball at Montfort 's palaceWhen Montfort enters , he gives his signal for the ballet to begin .
A ball at Montfort 's palaceWhen Montfort enters , he signals for the ballet to begin .
A ball at Montfort 's palaceWhen Montfort enters , he is signalled for the ballet to begin .
A ball at Montfort 's palaceWhen Montfort enters , he gives the signal for the ballet to begin .
-------------------
A ball is considered in-bounds until it makes its contact with the pool deck or pool surface outside the boundary area .
A ball is considered in - bounds until it contacts the pool deck or pool surface outside the boundary area . 
A ball is considered in - bounds until it is contacted the pool deck or pool surface outside the boundary area . 
A ball is considered in-bounds until it makes contact with the pool deck or pool surface outside the boundary area .
-------------------
AB almost always has its work that needs to be done .
AB almost always works that needs to be done .
AB almost always is worked that needs to be done .
AB almost always has work that needs to be done .
-------------------
Abam , Rahmati , and Zarei provide their improvement on exact kinetic maintenance on the Euclidean minimum spanning tree .
Abam , Rahmati , and Zarei improve on exact kinetic maintenance on the Euclidean minimum spanning tree .
Abam , Rahmati , and Zarei are improved on exact kinetic maintenance on the Euclidean minimum spanning tree .
Abam , Rahmati , and Zarei provide a significant improvement on exact kinetic maintenance on the Euclidean minimum spanning tree .
-------------------
A band formed by an advertising company to produce jingles for a particular product line , who have not even issued a single album , have their radio play , no hit singles , and have apparently never performed live , let alone toured .
A band formed by an advertising company to produce jingles for a particular product line , who have not even issued a single album , do not play , no hit singles , and have apparently never performed live , let alone toured .
A band formed by an advertising company to produce jingles for a particular product line , who have not even issued a single album , are not played , no hit singles , and have apparently never performed live , let alone toured .
A band formed by an advertising company to produce jingles for a particular product line , who have not even issued a single album , have no radio play , no hit singles , and have apparently never performed live , let alone toured .
-------------------
A band from Florida with one major label release has its distinction .
A band from Florida with one major label release distinguishes .
A band from Florida with one major label release is distinguished .
A band from Florida with one major label release has that distinction .
-------------------
A band named Raha in Iran is doing its covers of Camel songs .
A band named Raha in Iran is covering Camel songs . 
A band named Raha in Iran is being covered Camel songs . 
A band named Raha in Iran is doing covers of Camel songs .
-------------------
A band of yellowish fur runs around the throat and sides of the head , where it reaches its base of the ears , while the face has greyish fur .
based -3.487
based of -7.1
A band of yellowish fur runs around the throat and sides of the head , where it bases the ears , while the face has greyish fur . 
A band of yellowish fur runs around the throat and sides of the head , where it is based the ears , while the face has greyish fur . 
A band of yellowish fur runs around the throat and sides of the head , where it reaches the base of the ears , while the face has greyish fur .
-------------------
Abandoned by their French allies and almost completely surrounded , the Scots made their stand , but were overwhelmed .
Adverb - ferociously , l
Abandoned by their French allies and almost completely surrounded , the Scots ferociously stood , but were overwhelmed .
Abandoned by their French allies and almost completely surrounded , the Scots were ferociously stood , but were overwhelmed .
Abandoned by their French allies and almost completely surrounded , the Scots made a ferocious last stand , but were overwhelmed .
-------------------
Abandoned for several years , the railway track offers its walk elevated through wildlife , whilst capturing the peaceful bliss of the countryside .
Abandoned for several years , the railway track walks elevated through wildlife , whilst capturing the peaceful bliss of the countryside .
Abandoned for several years , the railway track is walked elevated through wildlife , whilst capturing the peaceful bliss of the countryside .
Abandoned for several years , the railway track offers a walk elevated through wildlife , whilst capturing the peaceful bliss of the countryside .
-------------------
Abandoning this principle could lead to either of the above results , depending on which side has its breath and is willing to engage in the most aggressive tactics to get its way .
Adverb - long , n
Abandoning this principle could lead to either of the above results , depending on which side breathes long and is willing to engage in the most aggressive tactics to get its way .
Abandoning this principle could lead to either of the above results , depending on which side is breathed long and is willing to engage in the most aggressive tactics to get its way .
Abandoning this principle could lead to either of the above results , depending on which side has the longest breath and is willing to engage in the most aggressive tactics to get its way .
-------------------
A band plays , gymnasts perform , and the mayor gives his/her speech .
A band plays , gymnasts perform , and the mayor speaks .
A band plays , gymnasts perform , and the mayor is spoken .
A band plays , gymnasts perform , and the mayor gives a speech .
-------------------
A band who do their covers of various famous boyband songs such as 'words ' by boyzone and 'Electronic Stereophonic ' by Showtec .
A band who cover various famous boyband songs such as ' words ' by boyzone and ' Electronic Stereophonic ' by Showtec . 
A band who are covered various famous boyband songs such as ' words ' by boyzone and ' Electronic Stereophonic ' by Showtec . 
A band who do covers of various famous boyband songs such as 'words ' by boyzone and 'Electronic Stereophonic ' by Showtec .
-------------------
A band who formed earlier this year and to date have not had their record commercially released or played a national tour .
A band who formed earlier this year and to date have not recorded commercially released or played a national tour .
A band who formed earlier this year and to date have not been recorded commercially released or played a national tour .
A band who formed earlier this year and to date have not had a record commercially released or played a national tour .
-------------------
Abanes , p 464 An Ensign article provides its explanation of the revelation made by Smith .
Abanes , p 464 An Ensign article explains the revelation made by Smith . 
Abanes , p 464 An Ensign article is explained the revelation made by Smith . 
Abanes , p 464 An Ensign article provides the LDS explanation of the revelation made by Smith .
-------------------
A ban is not the end of the world if the person is serious ; it is a demand that they pay their attention to the other serious people and wise up .
attended -4.769
attended to -6.35
A ban is not the end of the world if the person is serious ; it is a demand that they attend to the other serious people and wise up .
A ban is not the end of the world if the person is serious ; it is a demand that they are attended to the other serious people and wise up .
A ban is not the end of the world if the person is serious ; it is a demand that they pay attention to the other serious people and wise up .
-------------------
A banker that is seen trying to woo Fiona while she is working at a bar , Veronica tells Fiona that he is just a second rate version of Steve , but she takes her notice .
A banker that is seen trying to woo Fiona while she is working at a bar , Veronica tells Fiona that he is just a second rate version of Steve , but she does not notice .
A banker that is seen trying to woo Fiona while she is working at a bar , Veronica tells Fiona that he is just a second rate version of Steve , but she is not noticed .
A banker that is seen trying to woo Fiona while she is working at a bar , Veronica tells Fiona that he is just a second rate version of Steve , but she takes no notice .
-------------------
A bank holiday weekend provides its excuse for the rivalry between the Mods and Rockers to come to a head , as they both descend upon the seaside town of Brighton .
A bank holiday weekend excuses for the rivalry between the Mods and Rockers to come to a head , as they both descend upon the seaside town of Brighton .
A bank holiday weekend is excused for the rivalry between the Mods and Rockers to come to a head , as they both descend upon the seaside town of Brighton .
A bank holiday weekend provides an excuse for the rivalry between the Mods and Rockers to come to a head , as they both descend upon the seaside town of Brighton .
-------------------
A bankrupt is a person who has made his/her assignment or against whom a bankruptcy order has been made .
A bankrupt is a person who has assigned or against whom a bankruptcy order has been made .
A bankrupt is a person who has been assigned or against whom a bankruptcy order has been made .
A bankrupt is a person who has made an assignment or against whom a bankruptcy order has been made .
-------------------
A bankrupt playboy makes his/her plan to obtain money .
A bankrupt playboy plans to obtain money .
A bankrupt playboy is planned to obtain money .
A bankrupt playboy makes a plan to obtain money .
-------------------
A banned user also gets his/her attention by checkusers when apparent sockpuppetry arises .
A banned user also attends by checkusers when apparent sockpuppetry arises .
A banned user also is attended by checkusers when apparent sockpuppetry arises .
A banned user also gets swifter attention by checkusers when apparent sockpuppetry arises .
-------------------
A banner at the back of the church has its cross marked for each American death in the war .
A banner at the back of the church crosses marked for each American death in the war .
A banner at the back of the church is crossed marked for each American death in the war .
A banner at the back of the church has a cross marked for each American death in the war .
-------------------
A banner of arms is a flag , which has its image as a shield of a coat of arms , rendered in the rectangular shape of the flag .
Adverb - same , m
A banner of arms is a flag , which images same as a shield of a coat of arms , rendered in the rectangular shape of the flag .
A banner of arms is a flag , which is imaged same as a shield of a coat of arms , rendered in the rectangular shape of the flag .
A banner of arms is a flag , which has the same image as a shield of a coat of arms , rendered in the rectangular shape of the flag .
-------------------
A BAN network in place on a patient can alert the hospital , even before they have their heart attack , through measuring changes in their vital signs .
A BAN network in place on a patient can alert the hospital , even before they attack , through measuring changes in their vital signs .
A BAN network in place on a patient can alert the hospital , even before they are attacked , through measuring changes in their vital signs .
A BAN network in place on a patient can alert the hospital , even before they have a heart attack , through measuring changes in their vital signs .
-------------------
A Bannikov , and he also had his contacts in Mongolia , and was a champion for the conservation of the endangered Przewalski 's horse .
contacted -4.965
contacted in -6.944
A Bannikov , and he also contacted Mongolia , and was a champion for the conservation of the endangered Przewalski 's horse . 
A Bannikov , and he also was contacted Mongolia , and was a champion for the conservation of the endangered Przewalski 's horse . 
A Bannikov , and he also had contacts in Mongolia , and was a champion for the conservation of the endangered Przewalski 's horse .
-------------------
A ban seems appropriate now that we have our confirmation from checkuser .
A ban seems appropriate now that we confirm from checkuser .
A ban seems appropriate now that we are confirmed from checkuser .
A ban seems appropriate now that we have confirmation from checkuser .
-------------------
ABAP provides its set of built-in data types .
ABAP sets built - in data types . 
ABAP is set built - in data types . 
ABAP provides a set of built-in data types .
-------------------
Abaqus also provides his/her collection of multiphysics capabilities , such as coupled acoustic-structural , piezoelectric , and structural-pore capabilities , making it attractive for production-level simulations where multiple fields need to be coupled .
Adverb - well , l
Abaqus also collects well multiphysics capabilities , such as coupled acoustic - structural , piezoelectric , and structural - pore capabilities , making it attractive for production - level simulations where multiple fields need to be coupled . 
Abaqus also is collected well multiphysics capabilities , such as coupled acoustic - structural , piezoelectric , and structural - pore capabilities , making it attractive for production - level simulations where multiple fields need to be coupled . 
Abaqus also provides a good collection of multiphysics capabilities , such as coupled acoustic-structural , piezoelectric , and structural-pore capabilities , making it attractive for production-level simulations where multiple fields need to be coupled .
-------------------
Abare has its releases for one , which is unusual .
Adverb - severely , l
released -4.274
released for -6.039
Abare severely releases one , which is unusual . 
Abare is severely released one , which is unusual . 
Abare has several international releases for one , which is unusual .
-------------------
A bare margin with some sort of sill is not going to do you well if you have your flood .
A bare margin with some sort of sill is not going to do you well if you flood .
A bare margin with some sort of sill is not going to do you well if you are flooded .
A bare margin with some sort of sill is not going to do you well if you have another flood .
-------------------
A Barker code has a maximum autocorrelation sequence which has sidelobes no larger than 2 , and which thus has its RMS performance than the codes below .
Adverb - well , l
A Barker code has a maximum autocorrelation sequence which has sidelobes no larger than 2 , and which thus performs well than the codes below .
A Barker code has a maximum autocorrelation sequence which has sidelobes no larger than 2 , and which thus is performed well than the codes below .
A Barker code has a maximum autocorrelation sequence which has sidelobes no larger than 2 , and which thus has better RMS performance than the codes below .
-------------------
A barnstar that can be given to Wikipedians who make their contributions to either the project or Bedfordshire-related articles .
Adverb - exceptionally , l
contributed -4.897
contributed to -5.284
A barnstar that can be given to Wikipedians who exceptionally contribute to either the project or Bedfordshire-related articles .
A barnstar that can be given to Wikipedians who are exceptionally contributed to either the project or Bedfordshire-related articles .
A barnstar that can be given to Wikipedians who make exceptional contributions to either the project or Bedfordshire-related articles .
-------------------
A bar offers its drinks .
A bar drinks .
A bar is drunk .
A bar offers alcoholic or soft drinks .
-------------------
A Baroque sensibility sometimes informs the more coordinated sequencer patterns , which has its expression in the La Follia section that comes at the very end of the title track of Force Majeure .
Adverb - most direct , c
expressed -4.651
expressed in -5.298
A Baroque sensibility sometimes informs the more coordinated sequencer patterns , which expresses most direct in the La Follia section that comes at the very end of the title track of Force Majeure .
A Baroque sensibility sometimes informs the more coordinated sequencer patterns , which is expressed most direct in the La Follia section that comes at the very end of the title track of Force Majeure .
A Baroque sensibility sometimes informs the more coordinated sequencer patterns , which has its most direct expression in the La Follia section that comes at the very end of the title track of Force Majeure .
-------------------
A bar that allows users to make their adjustments to a value or process throughout a range of allowed values .
adjusted -4.879
adjusted to -5.764
A bar that allows users to adjust to a value or process throughout a range of allowed values .
A bar that allows users to be adjusted to a value or process throughout a range of allowed values .
A bar that allows users to make adjustments to a value or process throughout a range of allowed values .
-------------------
A baseball player that makes one major league start is notable , so is a fighter who has his/her fight at the top level .
A baseball player that makes one major league start is notable , so is a fighter who fights once at the top level .
A baseball player that makes one major league start is notable , so is a fighter who is fought once at the top level .
A baseball player that makes one major league start is notable , so is a fighter who has one fight at the top level .
-------------------
A based-on-truth testament to perseverance and essential human goodness , the film offers its proof that determined individuals can win the fight against huge , heartless drug companies .
A based-on-truth testament to perseverance and essential human goodness , the film proofs that determined individuals can win the fight against huge , heartless drug companies .
A based-on-truth testament to perseverance and essential human goodness , the film is proofed that determined individuals can win the fight against huge , heartless drug companies .
A based-on-truth testament to perseverance and essential human goodness , the film offers proof that determined individuals can win the fight against huge , heartless drug companies .
-------------------
A basement extension now provides its storage and education space .
A basement extension now stores and provides education space .
A basement extension now is stored and provides education space .
A basement extension now provides storage and education space .
-------------------
A basenjis eyes are typically almond shaped , which often gives its appearance of squinting .
A basenjis eyes are typically almond shaped , which often appears the dogs squinting . 
A basenjis eyes are typically almond shaped , which often is appeared squinting . 
A basenjis eyes are typically almond shaped , which often gives the dogs the appearance of squinting .
-------------------
A baserunner is `` picked off '' base when that runner takes his/her lead off his base and the pitcher ( or catcher ) makes a quick throw to a fielder manning that base , resulting in the runner being tagged out .
A baserunner is `` picked off '' base when that runner leads off his base and the pitcher ( or catcher ) makes a quick throw to a fielder manning that base , resulting in the runner being tagged out .
A baserunner is `` picked off '' base when that runner is led off his base and the pitcher ( or catcher ) makes a quick throw to a fielder manning that base , resulting in the runner being tagged out .
A baserunner is `` picked off '' base when that runner takes a lead off his base and the pitcher ( or catcher ) makes a quick throw to a fielder manning that base , resulting in the runner being tagged out .
-------------------
A base sabot has its piece base which supports the bottom of the projectile , and separate pieces that surround the sides of the projectile and center it .
A base sabot bases which supports the bottom of the projectile , and separate pieces that surround the sides of the projectile and center it .
A base sabot is based which supports the bottom of the projectile , and separate pieces that surround the sides of the projectile and center it .
A base sabot has a one piece base which supports the bottom of the projectile , and separate pieces that surround the sides of the projectile and center it .
-------------------
A basic balance is not really going to be good enough though so make sure it has its resolution you need .
A basic balance is not really going to be good enough though so make sure it resolves you need .
A basic balance is not really going to be good enough though so make sure it is resolved you need .
A basic balance is not really going to be good enough though so make sure it has the resolution you need .
-------------------
A basic BPB can appear and be used on any partition , including floppy disks where its presence is often necessary , however , certain filesystems also make their use of it in describing basic filesystem structures .
A basic BPB can appear and be used on any partition , including floppy disks where its presence is often necessary , however , certain filesystems also use it in describing basic filesystem structures . 
A basic BPB can appear and be used on any partition , including floppy disks where its presence is often necessary , however , certain filesystems also are used it in describing basic filesystem structures . 
A basic BPB can appear and be used on any partition , including floppy disks where its presence is often necessary , however , certain filesystems also make use of it in describing basic filesystem structures .
-------------------
A basic explanation to describe both of these syndromes would be that because children have their sensitivity toward changes in their body , any significant shift in their body chemical composition can cause agitation and drastic change of behavior .
Adverb - high , g
A basic explanation to describe both of these syndromes would be that because children sense high toward changes in their body , any significant shift in their body chemical composition can cause agitation and drastic change of behavior .
A basic explanation to describe both of these syndromes would be that because children are sensed high toward changes in their body , any significant shift in their body chemical composition can cause agitation and drastic change of behavior .
A basic explanation to describe both of these syndromes would be that because children have a higher sensitivity toward changes in their body , any significant shift in their body chemical composition can cause agitation and drastic change of behavior .
-------------------
A basic fix would be to have all the different case-spellings come up under `` relevant articles '' when you do your search .
A basic fix would be to have all the different case-spellings come up under `` relevant articles '' when you search .
A basic fix would be to have all the different case-spellings come up under `` relevant articles '' when you are searched .
A basic fix would be to have all the different case-spellings come up under `` relevant articles '' when you do a search .
-------------------
A basic PDP-8 CPU has its registers , the accumulator , program counter , memory-buffer register and memory-address register .
A basic PDP-8 CPU registers only four times , the accumulator , program counter , memory-buffer register and memory-address register .
A basic PDP-8 CPU is registered only four times , the accumulator , program counter , memory-buffer register and memory-address register .
A basic PDP-8 CPU has only four 12-bit registers , the accumulator , program counter , memory-buffer register and memory-address register .
-------------------
A basic reading of the afd discussion shows its opposite , that reasons were put forward why this is not a standard news item .
A basic reading of the afd discussion opposes , that reasons were put forward why this is not a standard news item .
A basic reading of the afd discussion is opposed , that reasons were put forward why this is not a standard news item .
A basic reading of the afd discussion shows the opposite , that reasons were put forward why this is not a standard news item .
-------------------
A basis gives its form ( via the dual basis ) , hence when working on Rn with a Euclidian metric and a fixed orthonormal basis , one can work with only subscripts .
A basis forms ( via the dual basis ) , hence when working on Rn with a Euclidian metric and a fixed orthonormal basis , one can work with only subscripts .
A basis is formed ( via the dual basis ) , hence when working on Rn with a Euclidian metric and a fixed orthonormal basis , one can work with only subscripts .
A basis gives such a form ( via the dual basis ) , hence when working on Rn with a Euclidian metric and a fixed orthonormal basis , one can work with only subscripts .
-------------------
A Basketball event , which has its set-up than a wrestling event , can hold a maximum of 18 , 797 fans .
Adverb - small , l
A Basketball event , which sets small-up than a wrestling event , can hold a maximum of 18 , 797 fans .
A Basketball event , which is set small-up than a wrestling event , can hold a maximum of 18 , 797 fans .
A Basketball event , which has a smaller set-up than a wrestling event , can hold a maximum of 18 , 797 fans .
-------------------
Aba 's more well-known collections include Gazelle au petit matin ( Gazelle in the Early Morning , 1978 ) and Gazelle après minuit ( Gazelle after Midnight , 1979 ) , which take their form of a series of love poems inspired by the deaths of a young couple at the point of the country becoming independent from France .
Aba 's more well - known collections include Gazelle au petit matin ( Gazelle in the Early Morning , 1978 ) and Gazelle après minuit ( Gazelle after Midnight , 1979 ) , which form a series of love poems inspired by the deaths of a young couple at the point of the country becoming independent from France . 
Aba 's more well - known collections include Gazelle au petit matin ( Gazelle in the Early Morning , 1978 ) and Gazelle après minuit ( Gazelle after Midnight , 1979 ) , which are formed a series of love poems inspired by the deaths of a young couple at the point of the country becoming independent from France . 
Aba 's more well-known collections include Gazelle au petit matin ( Gazelle in the Early Morning , 1978 ) and Gazelle après minuit ( Gazelle after Midnight , 1979 ) , which take the form of a series of love poems inspired by the deaths of a young couple at the point of the country becoming independent from France .
-------------------
A bas-relief at the 12th-century temple of Angkor Wat shows its fight between the brothers , the arrival of Rama , and Vali lying on his death-bed , mourned by many other monkeys .
A bas-relief at the 12th-century temple of Angkor Wat fights between the brothers , the arrival of Rama , and Vali lying on his death-bed , mourned by many other monkeys .
A bas-relief at the 12th-century temple of Angkor Wat is fought between the brothers , the arrival of Rama , and Vali lying on his death-bed , mourned by many other monkeys .
A bas-relief at the 12th-century temple of Angkor Wat shows the fight between the brothers , the arrival of Rama , and Vali lying on his death-bed , mourned by many other monkeys .
-------------------
A bas-relief on a sculpted cliff has its image of Shiva and a shrine dedicated to Vishnu , indicating the growing importance of these Sangam period deities and a weakening of the roles of Vedic gods such as Indra and Soma .
imaged -6.376
imaged of -9.195
A bas - relief on a sculpted cliff images Shiva and has a shrine dedicated to Vishnu , indicating the growing importance of these Sangam period deities and a weakening of the roles of Vedic gods such as Indra and Soma . 
A bas - relief on a sculpted cliff is imaged Shiva and has a shrine dedicated to Vishnu , indicating the growing importance of these Sangam period deities and a weakening of the roles of Vedic gods such as Indra and Soma . 
A bas-relief on a sculpted cliff has an image of Shiva and a shrine dedicated to Vishnu , indicating the growing importance of these Sangam period deities and a weakening of the roles of Vedic gods such as Indra and Soma .
-------------------
A bass drum kick on every beat provides its foundation until the first chorus , when Adam Clayton 's bass guitar enters .
Adverb - musically , l
A bass drum kick on every beat musically finds until the first chorus , when Adam Clayton 's bass guitar enters .
A bass drum kick on every beat is musically found until the first chorus , when Adam Clayton 's bass guitar enters .
A bass drum kick on every beat provides the musical foundation until the first chorus , when Adam Clayton 's bass guitar enters .
-------------------
A bass drum , which was in use until fairly recently , has its mark 'Northop 1894 ' as proof of this fact .
A bass drum , which was in use until fairly recently , marks 'Northop 1894 ' as proof of this fact .
A bass drum , which was in use until fairly recently , is marked 'Northop 1894 ' as proof of this fact .
A bass drum , which was in use until fairly recently , has the mark 'Northop 1894 ' as proof of this fact .
-------------------
Abataasis has his/her focus for link asis .
focussed -6.016
focussed for -8.634
Abataasis focuses link asis . 
Abataasis is focussed link asis . 
Abataasis has focus for link asis .
-------------------
Abatacept is currently approved for use in people with rheumatoid arthritis who have had their response to one or more DMARDs .
Adverb - inadequately , l
responded -5.061
responded to -5.398
Abatacept is currently approved for use in people with rheumatoid arthritis who have inadequately responded to one or more DMARDs .
Abatacept is currently approved for use in people with rheumatoid arthritis who have been inadequately responded to one or more DMARDs .
Abatacept is currently approved for use in people with rheumatoid arthritis who have had an inadequate response to one or more DMARDs .
-------------------
A batch has its hour shelf life and is usually used for two or three treatments , although some patients are using the entire 60 liter batch for a single extended treatment .
A batch lives and is usually used for two or three treatments , although some patients are using the entire 60 liter batch for a single extended treatment .
A batch is lived and is usually used for two or three treatments , although some patients are using the entire 60 liter batch for a single extended treatment .
A batch has a 96 hour shelf life and is usually used for two or three treatments , although some patients are using the entire 60 liter batch for a single extended treatment .
-------------------
A batsman can only be dismissed lbw if he does not offer his shot and the umpire is satisfied that the ball would then have hit the stumps .
A batsman can only be dismissed lbw if he does not shoot and the umpire is satisfied that the ball would then have hit the stumps .
A batsman can only be dismissed lbw if he be not shot and the umpire is satisfied that the ball would then have hit the stumps .
A batsman can only be dismissed lbw if he does not offer a shot and the umpire is satisfied that the ball would then have hit the stumps .
-------------------
A batter is out if a fielder catches the ball cleanly ; the batter reaches his/her base that had been 'stumped ' by a fielder ; the bat is dropped whilst the batter is running ; the batter leaves the base before the bowler has bowled the ball ; the batter is 'run out ' by the next batter .
A batter is out if a fielder catches the ball cleanly ; the batter bases that had been 'stumped ' by a fielder ; the bat is dropped whilst the batter is running ; the batter leaves the base before the bowler has bowled the ball ; the batter is 'run out ' by the next batter .
A batter is out if a fielder catches the ball cleanly ; the batter is based that had been 'stumped ' by a fielder ; the bat is dropped whilst the batter is running ; the batter leaves the base before the bowler has bowled the ball ; the batter is 'run out ' by the next batter .
A batter is out if a fielder catches the ball cleanly ; the batter reaches a base that had been 'stumped ' by a fielder ; the bat is dropped whilst the batter is running ; the batter leaves the base before the bowler has bowled the ball ; the batter is 'run out ' by the next batter .
-------------------
A batter reaches his/her base on a passed ball ( but not a wild pitch ) and subsequently scores by any means .
Adverb - first , s
A batter bases first on a passed ball ( but not a wild pitch ) and subsequently scores by any means .
A batter is based first on a passed ball ( but not a wild pitch ) and subsequently scores by any means .
A batter reaches first base on a passed ball ( but not a wild pitch ) and subsequently scores by any means .
-------------------
A batter-runner who reaches his/her base without being put out ( see below ) is said to be safe and is now on base .
Adverb - first , s
A batter-runner who bases first without being put out ( see below ) is said to be safe and is now on base .
A batter-runner who is based first without being put out ( see below ) is said to be safe and is now on base .
A batter-runner who reaches first base without being put out ( see below ) is said to be safe and is now on base .
-------------------
A batter strikes out if he gets his strikes .
A batter strikes out if he strikes thrice .
A batter strikes out if he is struck thrice .
A batter strikes out if he gets three strikes .
-------------------
A batter who accumulates three strikes in a single batting appearance has struck out and is ruled out ( with the exception of an uncaught third strike ) ; a batter who accumulates four balls in a single appearance has drawn his/her base on balls ( or walk ) and is awarded advancement to first base .
A batter who accumulates three strikes in a single batting appearance has struck out and is ruled out ( with the exception of an uncaught third strike ) ; a batter who accumulates four balls in a single appearance has based on balls ( or walk ) and is awarded advancement to first base .
A batter who accumulates three strikes in a single batting appearance has struck out and is ruled out ( with the exception of an uncaught third strike ) ; a batter who accumulates four balls in a single appearance has been based on balls ( or walk ) and is awarded advancement to first base .
A batter who accumulates three strikes in a single batting appearance has struck out and is ruled out ( with the exception of an uncaught third strike ) ; a batter who accumulates four balls in a single appearance has drawn a base on balls ( or walk ) and is awarded advancement to first base .
-------------------
A batter who draws his/her base on balls is commonly said to have been `` walked '' by the pitcher .
A batter who bases on balls is commonly said to have been `` walked '' by the pitcher .
A batter who is based on balls is commonly said to have been `` walked '' by the pitcher .
A batter who draws a base on balls is commonly said to have been `` walked '' by the pitcher .
-------------------
A batter who reaches his/her base safely as the result of a fielder 's choice is not credited with a hit or a time on base ; however , his turn at the plate is recorded as an at bat and plate appearance .
Adverb - first , s
A batter who bases first safely as the result of a fielder 's choice is not credited with a hit or a time on base ; however , his turn at the plate is recorded as an at bat and plate appearance .
A batter who is based first safely as the result of a fielder 's choice is not credited with a hit or a time on base ; however , his turn at the plate is recorded as an at bat and plate appearance .
A batter who reaches first base safely as the result of a fielder 's choice is not credited with a hit or a time on base ; however , his turn at the plate is recorded as an at bat and plate appearance .
-------------------
A batter who reaches his/her base safely but advances on the same play as the result of fielder 's choice is credited with a hit for the number of bases he would have reached safely with no other runners on base , and is said to have taken the additional base ( s ) on the throw .
Adverb - first , s
A batter who bases first safely but advances on the same play as the result of fielder 's choice is credited with a hit for the number of bases he would have reached safely with no other runners on base , and is said to have taken the additional base ( s ) on the throw .
A batter who is based first safely but advances on the same play as the result of fielder 's choice is credited with a hit for the number of bases he would have reached safely with no other runners on base , and is said to have taken the additional base ( s ) on the throw .
A batter who reaches first base safely but advances on the same play as the result of fielder 's choice is credited with a hit for the number of bases he would have reached safely with no other runners on base , and is said to have taken the additional base ( s ) on the throw .
-------------------
A batter who safely reaches his/her base but is tagged out attempting to reach a subsequent base on the same play is credited with a hit for the number of bases he safely reached , but is said to be out on the throw .
Adverb - first , s
A batter who safely bases first but is tagged out attempting to reach a subsequent base on the same play is credited with a hit for the number of bases he safely reached , but is said to be out on the throw .
A batter who safely is based first but is tagged out attempting to reach a subsequent base on the same play is credited with a hit for the number of bases he safely reached , but is said to be out on the throw .
A batter who safely reaches first base but is tagged out attempting to reach a subsequent base on the same play is credited with a hit for the number of bases he safely reached , but is said to be out on the throw .
-------------------
A batter who strikes out on a swung third strike is said to have fanned ( as in a fanning motion ) , whereas if he takes his strike it is called a punchout ( describing the plate umpire 's punching motion on a called third strike ) .
A batter who strikes out on a swung third strike is said to have fanned ( as in a fanning motion ) , whereas if he strikes it is called a punchout ( describing the plate umpire 's punching motion on a called third strike ) .
A batter who strikes out on a swung third strike is said to have fanned ( as in a fanning motion ) , whereas if he is struck it is called a punchout ( describing the plate umpire 's punching motion on a called third strike ) .
A batter who strikes out on a swung third strike is said to have fanned ( as in a fanning motion ) , whereas if he takes a called third strike it is called a punchout ( describing the plate umpire 's punching motion on a called third strike ) .
-------------------
A battle between real estate moguls and environmental activists takes its turn into affairs of the heart in this satiric update of Henry James ' The Bostonians .
A battle between real estate moguls and environmental activists turns into affairs of the heart in this satiric update of Henry James ' The Bostonians .
A battle between real estate moguls and environmental activists is turned into affairs of the heart in this satiric update of Henry James ' The Bostonians .
A battle between real estate moguls and environmental activists takes an unexpected turn into affairs of the heart in this satiric update of Henry James ' The Bostonians .
-------------------
A battle over this issue immediately commenced between the X-Men and Lords Cardinal , but it was unexpectedly halted when it drew its attention of Nimrod , the super-sentinel who had murdered Selene 's assistant Rhoem , and who was bent on killing the X-Men and the Lords Cardinal .
A battle over this issue immediately commenced between the X-Men and Lords Cardinal , but it was unexpectedly halted when it attended of Nimrod , the super-sentinel who had murdered Selene 's assistant Rhoem , and who was bent on killing the X-Men and the Lords Cardinal .
A battle over this issue immediately commenced between the X-Men and Lords Cardinal , but it was unexpectedly halted when it was attended of Nimrod , the super-sentinel who had murdered Selene 's assistant Rhoem , and who was bent on killing the X-Men and the Lords Cardinal .
A battle over this issue immediately commenced between the X-Men and Lords Cardinal , but it was unexpectedly halted when it drew the attention of Nimrod , the super-sentinel who had murdered Selene 's assistant Rhoem , and who was bent on killing the X-Men and the Lords Cardinal .
-------------------
A Bayesian point estimator and a maximum-likelihood estimator have their performance when the sample size is infinite , according to asymptotic theory .
Adverb - well , l
A Bayesian point estimator and a maximum-likelihood estimator perform well when the sample size is infinite , according to asymptotic theory .
A Bayesian point estimator and a maximum-likelihood estimator are performed well when the sample size is infinite , according to asymptotic theory .
A Bayesian point estimator and a maximum-likelihood estimator have good performance when the sample size is infinite , according to asymptotic theory .
-------------------
Abbaga and Daraga , the twin daughters of Sonne , also have their connections with this family and they left a message to Chandu pergade before their death .
Abbaga and Daraga , the twin daughters of Sonne , also connect with this family and they left a message to Chandu pergade before their death .
Abbaga and Daraga , the twin daughters of Sonne , also are connected with this family and they left a message to Chandu pergade before their death .
Abbaga and Daraga , the twin daughters of Sonne , also have connections with this family and they left a message to Chandu pergade before their death .
-------------------
ABBA have their postage stamps of their own , issued by the Swedish Postal Service ( Posten AB ) in 1983 and 2000 .
stamped -5.348
stamped of -8.753
ABBA stamp twice their own , issued by the Swedish Postal Service ( Posten AB ) in 1983 and 2000 . 
ABBA are stamped twice their own , issued by the Swedish Postal Service ( Posten AB ) in 1983 and 2000 . 
ABBA have two postage stamps of their own , issued by the Swedish Postal Service ( Posten AB ) in 1983 and 2000 .
-------------------
Abbas Araghchi , the spokesperson of Ministry of Foreign Affairs also announced that Parliament sent invitations to all governments ' officials except Israel , who two countries have their relations .
Abbas Araghchi , the spokesperson of Ministry of Foreign Affairs also announced that Parliament sent invitations to all governments ' officials except Israel , who two countries have n't any formal relations .
-------------------
Abbas has held his/her research grants and has worked with government departments , universities and civil society organizations throughout Asia , Europe and North America .
Adverb - numerably , l
Abbas has numerably granted and has worked with government departments , universities and civil society organizations throughout Asia , Europe and North America .
Abbas has been numerably granted and has worked with government departments , universities and civil society organizations throughout Asia , Europe and North America .
Abbas has held numerous research grants and has worked with government departments , universities and civil society organizations throughout Asia , Europe and North America .
-------------------
Abba Shaul later confided to Attiya that he had had his answer to the question as well , but since the first answer secured the donation , he did n't want to show off .
Adverb - second , n
answered -4.445
answered to -6.934
Abba Shaul later confided to Attiya that he had answered second the question as well , but since the first answer secured the donation , he did n't want to show off . 
Abba Shaul later confided to Attiya that he had been answered second the question as well , but since the first answer secured the donation , he did n't want to show off . 
Abba Shaul later confided to Attiya that he had had a second answer to the question as well , but since the first answer secured the donation , he did n't want to show off .
-------------------
Abba 's thoughtful treatment of mature themes here shows its growth .
Adverb - impressively , l
Abba 's thoughtful treatment of mature themes here impressively grows .
Abba 's thoughtful treatment of mature themes here is impressively grown .
Abba 's thoughtful treatment of mature themes here shows impressive growth .
-------------------
A BBC1 programme Heir Hunters , broadcast on 21 July 2008 , showed their search for heirs to his estate which had been listed on Bona Vacantia .
A BBC1 programme Heir Hunters , broadcast on 21 July 2008 , searched heirs to his estate which had been listed on Bona Vacantia . 
A BBC1 programme Heir Hunters , broadcast on 21 July 2008 , were searched heirs to his estate which had been listed on Bona Vacantia . 
A BBC1 programme Heir Hunters , broadcast on 21 July 2008 , showed a search for heirs to his estate which had been listed on Bona Vacantia .
-------------------
A BBC investigation did not uphold all the complaints made against the programme , but concluded that the documentary did breach editorial guidelines on accuracy and impartiality in a number of ways , acknowledging that it made its claims and was biased towards the views of AIDS denialists .
Adverb - false , s
A BBC investigation did not uphold all the complaints made against the programme , but concluded that the documentary did breach editorial guidelines on accuracy and impartiality in a number of ways , acknowledging that it claimed false and was biased towards the views of AIDS denialists .
A BBC investigation did not uphold all the complaints made against the programme , but concluded that the documentary did breach editorial guidelines on accuracy and impartiality in a number of ways , acknowledging that it was claimed false and was biased towards the views of AIDS denialists .
A BBC investigation did not uphold all the complaints made against the programme , but concluded that the documentary did breach editorial guidelines on accuracy and impartiality in a number of ways , acknowledging that it made false claims and was biased towards the views of AIDS denialists .
-------------------
A BBC Panorama programme reported on a number of BNP members who have had their convictions , some racially motivated .
Adverb - criminally , l
A BBC Panorama programme reported on a number of BNP members who have criminally convicted , some racially motivated .
A BBC Panorama programme reported on a number of BNP members who have been criminally convicted , some racially motivated .
A BBC Panorama programme reported on a number of BNP members who have had criminal convictions , some racially motivated .
-------------------
A BBC report later noted , `` Palestinian authorities made their claims of a wide-scale massacre , '' and a reporter for the Observer opined that what happened in Jenin was not a massacre .
A BBC report later noted , `` Palestinian authorities claimed a wide - scale massacre , '' and a reporter for the Observer opined that what happened in Jenin was not a massacre . 
A BBC report later noted , `` Palestinian authorities were claimed a wide - scale massacre , '' and a reporter for the Observer opined that what happened in Jenin was not a massacre . 
A BBC report later noted , `` Palestinian authorities made unsubstantiated claims of a wide-scale massacre , '' and a reporter for the Observer opined that what happened in Jenin was not a massacre .
-------------------
Abbe claimed that , as he took his hold of the old man 's finger and tried to break it , he found himself on the floor of the carriage and totally immobilised .
Abbe claimed that , as he held the old man 's finger and tried to break it , he found himself on the floor of the carriage and totally immobilised . 
Abbe claimed that , as he was held the old man 's finger and tried to break it , he found himself on the floor of the carriage and totally immobilised . 
Abbe claimed that , as he took hold of the old man 's finger and tried to break it , he found himself on the floor of the carriage and totally immobilised .
-------------------
Abbe Dubois 's book `` Hindu manners , customs and ceremonies '' , translated from French and edited by Henry Beauchamp stated that `` Even the private parts of the children have their decorations .
Abbe Dubois 's book `` Hindu manners , customs and ceremonies '' , translated from French and edited by Henry Beauchamp stated that `` Even the private parts of the children decorate .
Abbe Dubois 's book `` Hindu manners , customs and ceremonies '' , translated from French and edited by Henry Beauchamp stated that `` Even the private parts of the children are decorated .
Abbe Dubois 's book `` Hindu manners , customs and ceremonies '' , translated from French and edited by Henry Beauchamp stated that `` Even the private parts of the children have their own particular decorations .
-------------------
Abbé has his/her paintings in National collections in the United Kingdom .
painted -4.691
painted in -6.082
Abbé paints in National collections in the United Kingdom .
Abbé is painted in National collections in the United Kingdom .
Abbé has paintings in National collections in the United Kingdom .
-------------------
Abberline becomes deeply involved with the case , which takes on its meaning to him when he and Mary begin to fall in love .
Adverb - personably , l
Abberline becomes deeply involved with the case , which personably means to him when he and Mary begin to fall in love .
Abberline becomes deeply involved with the case , which is personably meant to him when he and Mary begin to fall in love .
Abberline becomes deeply involved with the case , which takes on personal meaning to him when he and Mary begin to fall in love .
-------------------
Abbershaw , after some thought and research , pays his/her visit to the killer - Petrie himself .
visited -4.661
visited to -7.256
Abbershaw , after some thought and research , visits the killer - Petrie himself . 
Abbershaw , after some thought and research , is visited the killer - Petrie himself . 
Abbershaw , after some thought and research , pays a visit to the killer - Petrie himself .
-------------------
Abbeville has its distinction of being both the birthplace and the deathbed of the Confederacy .
Adverb - uniquely , l
distinguished -5.122
distinguished of -7.941
Abbeville uniquely distinguishes being both the birthplace and the deathbed of the Confederacy . 
Abbeville is uniquely distinguished being both the birthplace and the deathbed of the Confederacy . 
Abbeville has the unique distinction of being both the birthplace and the deathbed of the Confederacy .
-------------------
Abbey Business Centres also have their presence in the town .
presented -4.309
presented in -5.116
Abbey Business Centres also present in the town .
Abbey Business Centres also are presented in the town .
Abbey Business Centres also have a presence in the town .
-------------------
Abbey Chronicle web site , which has its notes on how the series fit together .
Adverb - extra , r
noted -4.558
noted on -6.146
Abbey Chronicle web site , which notes extra on how the series fit together .
Abbey Chronicle web site , which is noted extra on how the series fit together .
Abbey Chronicle web site , which has extra notes on how the series fit together .
-------------------
Abbey College was founded in 2008 It has its representation with two-thirds of members from outside New Zealand .
Adverb - strongly , l
Abbey College was founded in 2008 It strongly represents with two-thirds of members from outside New Zealand .
Abbey College was founded in 2008 It is strongly represented with two-thirds of members from outside New Zealand .
Abbey College was founded in 2008 It has a strong international representation with two-thirds of members from outside New Zealand .
-------------------
Abbey Dawn has his/her website address called www .
Abbey Dawn addresses called www .
Abbey Dawn is addrest called www .
Abbey Dawn has a website address called www .
-------------------
Abbey Gates having had their exposure on TV could be used to argue notability - but I feel that merging the three articles would make one good article out of the three .
Adverb - nationally , l
exposed -4.68
exposed on -6.695
Abbey Gates having nationally exposed TV could be used to argue notability - but I feel that merging the three articles would make one good article out of the three . 
Abbey Gates having been nationally exposed TV could be used to argue notability - but I feel that merging the three articles would make one good article out of the three . 
Abbey Gates having had national exposure on TV could be used to argue notability - but I feel that merging the three articles would make one good article out of the three .
-------------------
Abbey Joel Butler Pavilion , holds his/her campus store , the Office of Campus Life , the Career Center , and meeting spaces .
Abbey Joel Butler Pavilion , stores , the Office of Campus Life , the Career Center , and meeting spaces .
Abbey Joel Butler Pavilion , is stored , the Office of Campus Life , the Career Center , and meeting spaces .
Abbey Joel Butler Pavilion , holds the campus store , the Office of Campus Life , the Career Center , and meeting spaces .
-------------------
Abbey Road Studios got their start in the film scoring business in 1980 , when Anvil Post Production formed a partnership with the studio , called Anvil-Abbey Road Screen Sound .
Abbey Road Studios started in the film scoring business in 1980 , when Anvil Post Production formed a partnership with the studio , called Anvil-Abbey Road Screen Sound .
Abbey Road Studios were started in the film scoring business in 1980 , when Anvil Post Production formed a partnership with the studio , called Anvil-Abbey Road Screen Sound .
Abbey Road Studios got its start in the film scoring business in 1980 , when Anvil Post Production formed a partnership with the studio , called Anvil-Abbey Road Screen Sound .
-------------------
Abbey Road Studios had their multitrack recorders at the time , so a pair of mono machines was used .
Abbey Road Studios did not recorded at the time , so a pair of mono machines was used .
Abbey Road Studios were not recorded at the time , so a pair of mono machines was used .
Abbey Road Studios had no multitrack recorders at the time , so a pair of mono machines was used .
-------------------
Abbey ( soon to be Santander ) has its savings division there .
Abbey ( soon to be Santander ) divides there .
Abbey ( soon to be Santander ) is divided there .
Abbey ( soon to be Santander ) has its savings division there .
-------------------
Abbey was part of the Nigeria squad that participated at the 2004 African Cup of Nations held in Tunisia , thanks in part to a close relationship with Everton player Joseph Yobo , with whom he offered his advice to when deciding whether to move to Everton .
advised -4.898
advised to -5.588
Abbey was part of the Nigeria squad that participated at the 2004 African Cup of Nations held in Tunisia , thanks in part to a close relationship with Everton player Joseph Yobo , with whom he advised to when deciding whether to move to Everton .
Abbey was part of the Nigeria squad that participated at the 2004 African Cup of Nations held in Tunisia , thanks in part to a close relationship with Everton player Joseph Yobo , with whom he was advised to when deciding whether to move to Everton .
Abbey was part of the Nigeria squad that participated at the 2004 African Cup of Nations held in Tunisia , thanks in part to a close relationship with Everton player Joseph Yobo , with whom he offered advice to when deciding whether to move to Everton .
-------------------
Abbie Stoddard also makes his/her Morrell smile .
Abbie Stoddard also smiles .
Abbie Stoddard also is smiled .
Abbie Stoddard also makes Tia Morrell smile .
-------------------
Abbie Stoddard makes his/her Shaughnessy smile .
Abbie Stoddard smiles .
Abbie Stoddard is smiled .
Abbie Stoddard makes Tulleigh Shaughnessy smile .
-------------------
Abbots and Bishops took their notice and respected her virtues and trusted her to train young women in religion as well as sewing and textile work .
Abbots and Bishops noticed and respected her virtues and trusted her to train young women in religion as well as sewing and textile work .
Abbots and Bishops were noticed and respected her virtues and trusted her to train young women in religion as well as sewing and textile work .
Abbots and Bishops took notice and respected her virtues and trusted her to train young women in religion as well as sewing and textile work .
-------------------
Abbots Wood near Hailsham has its walks , the Abbots Amble , 2 .
Abbots Wood near Hailsham walks twice , the Abbots Amble , 2 .
Abbots Wood near Hailsham is walked twice , the Abbots Amble , 2 .
Abbots Wood near Hailsham has two walks , the Abbots Amble , 2 .
-------------------
Abbott , 44 The senate realized the need to use Plebeian officials to accomplish desired goals , Abbott , 44 and so to win over the Tribunes , the senators gave their deal of power , and unsurprisingly , the Tribunes began to feel obligated to the senate .
Abbott , 44 The senate realized the need to use Plebeian officials to accomplish desired goals , Abbott , 44 and so to win over the Tribunes , the senators dealt the Tribunes power , and unsurprisingly , the Tribunes began to feel obligated to the senate . 
Abbott , 44 The senate realized the need to use Plebeian officials to accomplish desired goals , Abbott , 44 and so to win over the Tribunes , the senators were dealt power , and unsurprisingly , the Tribunes began to feel obligated to the senate . 
Abbott , 44 The senate realized the need to use Plebeian officials to accomplish desired goals , Abbott , 44 and so to win over the Tribunes , the senators gave the Tribunes a great deal of power , and unsurprisingly , the Tribunes began to feel obligated to the senate .
-------------------
Abbott , 44 To win over the tribunes , the senators gave their deal of power and the tribunes began to feel obligated to the senate .
Abbott , 44 To win over the tribunes , the senators dealt the tribunes power and the tribunes began to feel obligated to the senate . 
Abbott , 44 To win over the tribunes , the senators were dealt power and the tribunes began to feel obligated to the senate . 
Abbott , 44 To win over the tribunes , the senators gave the tribunes a great deal of power and the tribunes began to feel obligated to the senate .
-------------------
Abbott , 49 These wars provided their employment , income , and glory for the average Plebeian , and the sense of patriotism that resulted from these wars also eliminated any real threat of Plebeian unrest .
Abbott , 49 These wars employed , income , and glory for the average Plebeian , and the sense of patriotism that resulted from these wars also eliminated any real threat of Plebeian unrest .
Abbott , 49 These wars were employed , income , and glory for the average Plebeian , and the sense of patriotism that resulted from these wars also eliminated any real threat of Plebeian unrest .
Abbott , 49 These wars provided employment , income , and glory for the average Plebeian , and the sense of patriotism that resulted from these wars also eliminated any real threat of Plebeian unrest .
-------------------
Abbott-Baynes advertisements from mid-1933 also show their modification .
Abbott-Baynes advertisements from mid-1933 also modify .
Abbott-Baynes advertisements from mid-1933 also be modified .
Abbott-Baynes advertisements from mid-1933 also show this modification .
-------------------
Abbott became their London Sales Manager and when Page and Hunt 's business failed in 1929 he took over his Farnham works forming a new company using his own name .
Abbott became their London Sales Manager and when Page and Hunt 's business failed in 1929 he worked forming a new company using his own name .
Abbott became their London Sales Manager and when Page and Hunt 's business failed in 1929 he was worked forming a new company using his own name .
Abbott became their London Sales Manager and when Page and Hunt 's business failed in 1929 he took over their Farnham works forming a new company using his own name .
-------------------
Abbott began practising on the Oxford Circuit ; while travelling there he had his fall from his horse , which broke his leg in two places and left him permanently lame .
Abbott began practising on the Oxford Circuit ; while travelling there he fell from his horse , which broke his leg in two places and left him permanently lame .
Abbott began practising on the Oxford Circuit ; while travelling there he was fallen from his horse , which broke his leg in two places and left him permanently lame .
Abbott began practising on the Oxford Circuit ; while travelling there he had a fall from his horse , which broke his leg in two places and left him permanently lame .
-------------------
Abbott begins seeing a prostitute , who gets his/her rush off driving fast cars .
Abbott begins seeing a prostitute , who rushes off driving fast cars .
Abbott begins seeing a prostitute , who is rushed off driving fast cars .
Abbott begins seeing a prostitute , who gets a rush off driving fast cars .
-------------------
Abbott has his/her record of differing from some party policies , voting against the Iraq war , opposing ID cards and campaigning against the renewal of Britain 's Trident nuclear weapons .
recorded -4.5
recorded of -7.365
Abbott records differing from some party policies , voting against the Iraq war , opposing ID cards and campaigning against the renewal of Britain 's Trident nuclear weapons . 
Abbott is recorded differing from some party policies , voting against the Iraq war , opposing ID cards and campaigning against the renewal of Britain 's Trident nuclear weapons . 
Abbott has a record of differing from some party policies , voting against the Iraq war , opposing ID cards and campaigning against the renewal of Britain 's Trident nuclear weapons .
-------------------
Abbott made national headlines in 2005 when , in response to federal Member of Parliament Belinda Stronach crossing the floor from the Conservatives to the Liberals , he made his comments to the media characterizing Stronach 's actions as `` whoring herself out for power '' .
commented -4.754
commented to -7.093
Abbott made national headlines in 2005 when , in response to federal Member of Parliament Belinda Stronach crossing the floor from the Conservatives to the Liberals , he commented the media characterizing Stronach 's actions as `` whoring herself out for power '' . 
Abbott made national headlines in 2005 when , in response to federal Member of Parliament Belinda Stronach crossing the floor from the Conservatives to the Liberals , he was commented the media characterizing Stronach 's actions as `` whoring herself out for power '' . 
Abbott made national headlines in 2005 when , in response to federal Member of Parliament Belinda Stronach crossing the floor from the Conservatives to the Liberals , he made comments to the media characterizing Stronach 's actions as `` whoring herself out for power '' .
-------------------
Abbott said that he did not have his support among the remaining Liberal MPs .
Adverb - enough , g
Abbott said that he did not support enough among the remaining Liberal MPs .
Abbott said that he be not supported enough among the remaining Liberal MPs .
Abbott said that he did not have enough support among the remaining Liberal MPs .
-------------------
Abbott set up a private observatory where he made his observations .
Adverb - and meteorological astronomically , l
Abbott set up a private observatory where he and meteorological astronomically observed .
Abbott set up a private observatory where he was and meteorological astronomically observed .
Abbott set up a private observatory where he made astronomical and meteorological observations .
-------------------
Abbott 's extensive correspondence with his family provides its record of the engagements in which he fought and the generals and other personalities with whom he came into contact .
Adverb - especially well , l
Abbott 's extensive correspondence with his family records especially well the engagements in which he fought and the generals and other personalities with whom he came into contact . 
Abbott 's extensive correspondence with his family is recorded especially well the engagements in which he fought and the generals and other personalities with whom he came into contact . 
Abbott 's extensive correspondence with his family provides an especially good record of the engagements in which he fought and the generals and other personalities with whom he came into contact .
-------------------
Abbot was aware that before his death Painda Khan had made his son ( Jehandad Khan ) swear never to trust his safety to any ruler '' , and thus , he gave his guarantees to Jehandad Khan that the semi-independent status of his hill principality would be respected formally within the writ of the larger Hazara district , following the annexation of the region by the British .
Abbot was aware that before his death Painda Khan had made his son ( Jehandad Khan ) swear never to trust his safety to any ruler '' , and thus , he guaranteed Jehandad Khan that the semi - independent status of his hill principality would be respected formally within the writ of the larger Hazara district , following the annexation of the region by the British . 
Abbot was aware that before his death Painda Khan had made his son ( Jehandad Khan ) swear never to trust his safety to any ruler '' , and thus , he was guaranteed Jehandad Khan that the semi - independent status of his hill principality would be respected formally within the writ of the larger Hazara district , following the annexation of the region by the British . 
Abbot was aware that before his death Painda Khan had made his son ( Jehandad Khan ) swear never to trust his safety to any ruler '' , and thus , he gave guarantees to Jehandad Khan that the semi-independent status of his hill principality would be respected formally within the writ of the larger Hazara district , following the annexation of the region by the British .
-------------------
Abbreviated GHB , and commonly referred to simply as `` the pipes '' , they have historically taken their forms in Scotland .
Abbreviated GHB , and commonly referred to simply as `` the pipes '' , they have historically taken numerous forms in Scotland .
-------------------
Abbreviated to LWH , the Lightweight Helmet is heavily based upon the PASGT helmet design , being nearly identical in appearance , however it offers its protection and wearer comfort over the preceding PASGT helmet .
Abbreviated to LWH , the Lightweight Helmet is heavily based upon the PASGT helmet design , being nearly identical in appearance , however it protects and offers wearer comfort over the preceding PASGT helmet .
Abbreviated to LWH , the Lightweight Helmet is heavily based upon the PASGT helmet design , being nearly identical in appearance , however it is protected and offers wearer comfort over the preceding PASGT helmet .
Abbreviated to LWH , the Lightweight Helmet is heavily based upon the PASGT helmet design , being nearly identical in appearance , however it offers increased ballistic protection and wearer comfort over the preceding PASGT helmet .
-------------------
Abbreviations are OK but if it could be stated in words , it makes its reading .
Abbreviations are OK but if it could be stated in words , it reads .
Abbreviations are OK but if it could be stated in words , it is read .
Abbreviations are OK but if it could be stated in words , it makes much smoother reading .
-------------------
Abby has his/her cut on her head but otherwise appears fine .
cut -4.023
cut on -6.259
Abby cuts her head but otherwise appears fine . 
Abby is cut her head but otherwise appears fine . 
Abby has a cut on her head but otherwise appears fine .
-------------------
Abby has his/her passion for words and books .
passed -4.443
passed for -6.54
Abby passes words and books . 
Abby is passed words and books . 
Abby has a great passion for words and books .
-------------------
Abby has shown his/her tendency to become very agitated , to the point of near-panic , if any of the team are seriously hurt .
Abby has tended to become very agitated , to the point of near-panic , if any of the team are seriously hurt .
Abby has been tended to become very agitated , to the point of near-panic , if any of the team are seriously hurt .
Abby has shown a tendency to become very agitated , to the point of near-panic , if any of the team are seriously hurt .
-------------------
Abby , in a momentary attraction to Henry , takes his/her walk with him and the two end up kissing .
Abby , in a momentary attraction to Henry , walks with him and the two end up kissing .
Abby , in a momentary attraction to Henry , is walked with him and the two end up kissing .
Abby , in a momentary attraction to Henry , takes a walk with him and the two end up kissing .
-------------------
Abby states that he can have his funding he needs .
Abby states that he can fund he needs .
Abby states that he can be funded he needs .
Abby states that he can have all the funding he needs .
-------------------
Abby Wambach is an American women 's association football player who holds his/her record of the number of international goals scored by a player .
Abby Wambach is an American women 's association football player who records the number of international goals scored by a player . 
Abby Wambach is an American women 's association football player who is recorded the number of international goals scored by a player . 
Abby Wambach is an American women 's association football player who holds the record of the number of international goals scored by a player .
-------------------
ABC2 's logo was modified for the promotion of the channels launch , and for various sporting events , notably the channel 's launch , where the logo appeared under-construction , and during the promotion of Australians Women 's Netball where it took on its appearance of a netball .
ABC2 's logo was modified for the promotion of the channels launch , and for various sporting events , notably the channel 's launch , where the logo appeared under - construction , and during the promotion of Australians Women 's Netball where it appeared a netball . 
ABC2 's logo was modified for the promotion of the channels launch , and for various sporting events , notably the channel 's launch , where the logo appeared under - construction , and during the promotion of Australians Women 's Netball where it was appeared a netball . 
ABC2 's logo was modified for the promotion of the channels launch , and for various sporting events , notably the channel 's launch , where the logo appeared under-construction , and during the promotion of Australians Women 's Netball where it took on the appearance of a netball .
-------------------
ABC Adelaide featured handball in 2012 ( 'European handball gets its grip on sports fans in Adelaide ' ) , while Behind The News ran a feature on handball in 2011 ( 'Handball ' ) .
gript -8.751
gript on -11.328
ABC Adelaide featured handball in 2012 ( ' European handball grips sports fans in Adelaide ' ) , while Behind The News ran a feature on handball in 2011 ( ' Handball ' ) . 
ABC Adelaide featured handball in 2012 ( ' European handball is gript sports fans in Adelaide ' ) , while Behind The News ran a feature on handball in 2011 ( ' Handball ' ) . 
ABC Adelaide featured handball in 2012 ( 'European handball gets a grip on sports fans in Adelaide ' ) , while Behind The News ran a feature on handball in 2011 ( 'Handball ' ) .
-------------------
ABC announced that it reached its distribution agreement with the National Cable Television Cooperative to carry Disney Junior , which was expected to be launched on more than 950 independent cable companies in the 90 days following the agreement .
ABC announced that it agreed with the National Cable Television Cooperative to carry Disney Junior , which was expected to be launched on more than 950 independent cable companies in the 90 days following the agreement .
ABC announced that it was agreed with the National Cable Television Cooperative to carry Disney Junior , which was expected to be launched on more than 950 independent cable companies in the 90 days following the agreement .
ABC announced that it reached a distribution agreement with the National Cable Television Cooperative to carry Disney Junior , which was expected to be launched on more than 950 independent cable companies in the 90 days following the agreement .
-------------------
A , B , C before we can draw our conclusions about the relatedness of F and G .
A , B , C before we can conclude about the relatedness of F and G .
A , B , C before we can be concluded about the relatedness of F and G .
A , B , C before we can draw conclusions about the relatedness of F and G .
-------------------
ABC Commissioner Leigh Johns took up their appointment on 11 October 2010 .
ABC Commissioner Leigh Johns appointed 11 October 2010 . 
ABC Commissioner Leigh Johns were appointed 11 October 2010 . 
ABC Commissioner Leigh Johns took up his appointment on 11 October 2010 .
-------------------
ABC Compliance flow has its UL rating of 20A , 120 BC .
rated -3.823
rated of -7.525
ABC Compliance flow rates 20A , 120 BC . 
ABC Compliance flow is rated 20A , 120 BC . 
ABC Compliance flow has a UL rating of 20A , 120 BC .
-------------------
ABCD does its deal with environmentally related symptoms or conditions , such as cold and lightning .
ABCD deals with environmentally related symptoms or conditions , such as cold and lightning .
ABCD is dealt with environmentally related symptoms or conditions , such as cold and lightning .
ABCD does the responder deal with environmentally related symptoms or conditions , such as cold and lightning .
-------------------
ABC DJ [ 4 ] in 2006 , the Mandarin sitcom My Genie together with Rosie , Living with Lydia in which PCK revealed he had his encounter with the series ' main character Lydia Lum ( Lydia Sum ) , when she first arrived in Singapore in 1979 to be a Singapore Girl , and in the sixth season of Under One Roof in 2001 where he was called to do renovations for the house of Ah Teck and Dolly 's son and daughter-in-law ( played by Andrew Lim and Selena Tan respectively .
Adverb - somewhat romantically , l
ABC DJ [ 4 ] in 2006 , the Mandarin sitcom My Genie together with Rosie , Living with Lydia in which PCK revealed he somewhat romantically encountered with the series ' main character Lydia Lum ( Lydia Sum ) , when she first arrived in Singapore in 1979 to be a Singapore Girl , and in the sixth season of Under One Roof in 2001 where he was called to do renovations for the house of Ah Teck and Dolly 's son and daughter-in-law ( played by Andrew Lim and Selena Tan respectively .
ABC DJ [ 4 ] in 2006 , the Mandarin sitcom My Genie together with Rosie , Living with Lydia in which PCK revealed he was somewhat romantically encountered with the series ' main character Lydia Lum ( Lydia Sum ) , when she first arrived in Singapore in 1979 to be a Singapore Girl , and in the sixth season of Under One Roof in 2001 where he was called to do renovations for the house of Ah Teck and Dolly 's son and daughter-in-law ( played by Andrew Lim and Selena Tan respectively .
ABC DJ [ 4 ] in 2006 , the Mandarin sitcom My Genie together with Rosie , Living with Lydia in which PCK revealed he had a somewhat romantic encounter with the series ' main character Lydia Lum ( Lydia Sum ) , when she first arrived in Singapore in 1979 to be a Singapore Girl , and in the sixth season of Under One Roof in 2001 where he was called to do renovations for the house of Ah Teck and Dolly 's son and daughter-in-law ( played by Andrew Lim and Selena Tan respectively .
-------------------
Abce2 and I were haveing my discussion and then IMatthew ( again ) injects himself into the conversation by telling me that I spelled a word wrong .
Abce2 and I were discussing and then IMatthew ( again ) injects himself into the conversation by telling me that I spelled a word wrong .
Abce2 and I were being discussed and then IMatthew ( again ) injects himself into the conversation by telling me that I spelled a word wrong .
Abce2 and I were haveing a discussion and then IMatthew ( again ) injects himself into the conversation by telling me that I spelled a word wrong .
-------------------
ABC Family typically only reruns episodes of its original series in a marathon that airs prior to a season premiere , mid-season or season finale , or other special occasion , though the channel does its encore presentations of its shows that typically preempt programs that normally air in the 7 and 10 p .
ABC Family typically only reruns episodes of its original series in a marathon that airs prior to a season premiere , mid - season or season finale , or other special occasion , though the channel presents its shows that typically preempt programs that normally air in the 7 and 10 p . 
ABC Family typically only reruns episodes of its original series in a marathon that airs prior to a season premiere , mid - season or season finale , or other special occasion , though the channel is presented its shows that typically preempt programs that normally air in the 7 and 10 p . 
ABC Family typically only reruns episodes of its original series in a marathon that airs prior to a season premiere , mid-season or season finale , or other special occasion , though the channel does air encore presentations of its shows that typically preempt programs that normally air in the 7 and 10 p .
-------------------
ABC fared better against the second half of The Young and the Restless , as All My Children had their ratings of 9 .
rated -3.823
rated of -7.525
ABC fared better against the second half of The Young and the Restless , as All My Children rated 9 . 
ABC fared better against the second half of The Young and the Restless , as All My Children were rated 9 . 
ABC fared better against the second half of The Young and the Restless , as All My Children had ratings of 9 .
-------------------
ABC Fast Flow has its UL rating of 4A , 40 BC .
rated -3.823
rated of -7.525
ABC Fast Flow rates 4A , 40 BC . 
ABC Fast Flow is rated 4A , 40 BC . 
ABC Fast Flow has a UL rating of 4A , 40 BC .
-------------------
ABC gets its choice of games over the ESPN networks , especially from the Big East , Big Ten , and ACC , because ABC and ESPN are owned by the same company .
Adverb - first , s
ABC chooses first games over the ESPN networks , especially from the Big East , Big Ten , and ACC , because ABC and ESPN are owned by the same company . 
ABC is chosen first games over the ESPN networks , especially from the Big East , Big Ten , and ACC , because ABC and ESPN are owned by the same company . 
ABC gets first choice of games over the ESPN networks , especially from the Big East , Big Ten , and ACC , because ABC and ESPN are owned by the same company .
-------------------
ABC has its correspondent in Tonga who is suggesting that interim results should be available later today ( UTC day ) .
corresponded -6.304
corresponded in -8.162
ABC corresponds Tonga who is suggesting that interim results should be available later today ( UTC day ) . 
ABC is corresponded Tonga who is suggesting that interim results should be available later today ( UTC day ) . 
ABC has a correspondent in Tonga who is suggesting that interim results should be available later today ( UTC day ) .
-------------------
ABC has its donor base , which stems mostly from Austin businesses .
Adverb - strongly , l
ABC strongly bases , which stems mostly from Austin businesses .
ABC is strongly based , which stems mostly from Austin businesses .
ABC has a strong donor base , which stems mostly from Austin businesses .
-------------------
ABC has eight , Fox , HBO and PBS each have two and The WB and UPN have their entry , Buffy the Vampire Slayer .
ABC has eight , Fox , HBO and PBS each have two and The WB and UPN enter , Buffy the Vampire Slayer .
ABC has eight , Fox , HBO and PBS each have two and The WB and UPN are entered , Buffy the Vampire Slayer .
ABC has eight , Fox , HBO and PBS each have two and The WB and UPN have a shared entry , Buffy the Vampire Slayer .
-------------------
ABC in Australia currently has its plans to re-purchase the rights to the series , and only ran the show four times , not in order .
ABC in Australia currently does not plan to re-purchase the rights to the series , and only ran the show four times , not in order .
ABC in Australia currently is not planned to re-purchase the rights to the series , and only ran the show four times , not in order .
ABC in Australia currently has no plans to re-purchase the rights to the series , and only ran the show four times , not in order .
-------------------
ABC Industries of North America has its plans to bring the AGG300 into USA and Canada , although the length of the bus will probably mean it will exceed regulations .
ABC Industries of North America plans to bring the AGG300 into USA and Canada , although the length of the bus will probably mean it will exceed regulations .
ABC Industries of North America is planned to bring the AGG300 into USA and Canada , although the length of the bus will probably mean it will exceed regulations .
ABC Industries of North America has plans to bring the AGG300 into USA and Canada , although the length of the bus will probably mean it will exceed regulations .
-------------------
ABC is only mentioned in briefly and only a sentence or two has its focus on the broadcaster , so we couldnt use the source to establish noteability for that company .
focussed -6.016
focussed on -6.293
ABC is only mentioned in briefly and only a sentence or two focuses on the broadcaster , so we couldnt use the source to establish noteability for that company .
ABC is only mentioned in briefly and only a sentence or two is focussed on the broadcaster , so we couldnt use the source to establish noteability for that company .
ABC is only mentioned in briefly and only a sentence or two has any focus on the broadcaster , so we couldnt use the source to establish noteability for that company .
-------------------
ABC is supposedly making its announcement Sunday .
ABC is supposedly making an announcement Sunday .
-------------------
A B-class article should have its reference .
A B-class article should refer least once .
A B-class article should be referred least once .
A B-class article should have at least one reference .
-------------------
ABC methods are mathematically well-founded , but they inevitably make their assumptions and approximations whose impact needs to be carefully assessed .
ABC methods are mathematically well-founded , but they inevitably assume and make approximations whose impact needs to be carefully assessed .
ABC methods are mathematically well-founded , but they inevitably are assumed and make approximations whose impact needs to be carefully assessed .
ABC methods are mathematically well-founded , but they inevitably make assumptions and approximations whose impact needs to be carefully assessed .
-------------------
ABC News ' Chris Cuomo wrote that the `` media gave their life to this Florida burning .
ABC News ' Chris Cuomo wrote that the `` media lived this Florida burning . 
ABC News ' Chris Cuomo wrote that the `` media were lived this Florida burning . 
ABC News ' Chris Cuomo wrote that the `` media gave life to this Florida burning .
-------------------
ABC NewsRadio has its news format , including extensive finance , science and IT reports , as well as extended reports from the ABC 's local and international news sources .
ABC NewsRadio forms , including extensive finance , science and IT reports , as well as extended reports from the ABC 's local and international news sources .
ABC NewsRadio is formed , including extensive finance , science and IT reports , as well as extended reports from the ABC 's local and international news sources .
ABC NewsRadio has a 24-hour news format , including extensive finance , science and IT reports , as well as extended reports from the ABC 's local and international news sources .
-------------------
ABC News reporter Miguel Marquez said he was beaten by men carrying clubs while he was making his call report .
ABC News reporter Miguel Marquez said he was beaten by men carrying clubs while he was reporting .
ABC News reporter Miguel Marquez said he was beaten by men carrying clubs while he was being reported .
ABC News reporter Miguel Marquez said he was beaten by men carrying clubs while he was making a phone call report .
-------------------
ABC News spokesman Jeffrey Schneider confirmed the authenticity of the memo and said Halperin `` takes his/her responsibility to be fair as seriously as a heart attack .
ABC News spokesman Jeffrey Schneider confirmed the authenticity of the memo and said Halperin `` responds to be fair as seriously as a heart attack .
ABC News spokesman Jeffrey Schneider confirmed the authenticity of the memo and said Halperin `` is responded to be fair as seriously as a heart attack .
ABC News spokesman Jeffrey Schneider confirmed the authenticity of the memo and said Halperin `` takes his responsibility to be fair as seriously as a heart attack .
-------------------
ABC No Rio holds his/her collection of zines formerly hosted by the now-defunct Lower East Side radical bookstore and infoshop Blackout !
Adverb - large , g
ABC No Rio collects large zines formerly hosted by the now - defunct Lower East Side radical bookstore and infoshop Blackout ! 
ABC No Rio is collected large zines formerly hosted by the now - defunct Lower East Side radical bookstore and infoshop Blackout ! 
ABC No Rio holds a large collection of zines formerly hosted by the now-defunct Lower East Side radical bookstore and infoshop Blackout !
-------------------
ABC Online 's Arts and Entertainment reporter , Gary Kemble , makes its note of the popularity of the franchise throughout popular culture .
ABC Online 's Arts and Entertainment reporter , Gary Kemble , notes the popularity of the franchise throughout popular culture . 
ABC Online 's Arts and Entertainment reporter , Gary Kemble , is noted the popularity of the franchise throughout popular culture . 
ABC Online 's Arts and Entertainment reporter , Gary Kemble , makes note of the popularity of the franchise throughout popular culture .
-------------------
ABC pressured Cavett to `` get big names , '' although subsequent shows without them got their ratings and more critical acclaim .
Adverb - high , g
ABC pressured Cavett to `` get big names , '' although subsequent shows without them rated high and got more critical acclaim .
ABC pressured Cavett to `` get big names , '' although subsequent shows without them were rated high and got more critical acclaim .
ABC pressured Cavett to `` get big names , '' although subsequent shows without them got higher ratings and more critical acclaim .
-------------------
ABC primetime programming ) , with the weather warnings taking up their remainder of the screen .
ABC primetime programming ) , with the weather warnings remaining the screen . 
ABC primetime programming ) , with the weather warnings being remained the screen . 
ABC primetime programming ) , with the weather warnings taking up the remainder of the screen .
-------------------
ABC responded , saying that the program was meant to be `` an expression of respect which seeks to honor those who have laid down their lives for this country .
ABC responded , saying that the program was meant to be `` an expression of respect which seeks to honor those who have lived for this country .
ABC responded , saying that the program was meant to be `` an expression of respect which seeks to honor those who have been lived for this country .
ABC responded , saying that the program was meant to be `` an expression of respect which seeks to honor those who have laid down their lives for this country .
-------------------
ABC show their Dancing with the Stars .
ABC dance with the Stars .
ABC are danced with the Stars .
ABC show Dancing with the Stars .
-------------------
ABC 's poor attempt at forking it shows they 're taking their notice of this site .
ABC 's poor attempt at forking it shows they ' re noticing this site . 
ABC 's poor attempt at forking it shows they ' re being noticed this site . 
ABC 's poor attempt at forking it shows they 're taking notice of this site .
-------------------
ABC 's resource library has its collection of Mahayana sutras and books on Tibetan Buddhism for borrowing .
Adverb - extensively , l
collected -4.627
collected of -7.8
ABC 's resource library extensively collects Mahayana sutras and books on Tibetan Buddhism for borrowing . 
ABC 's resource library is extensively collected Mahayana sutras and books on Tibetan Buddhism for borrowing . 
ABC 's resource library has an extensive collection of Mahayana sutras and books on Tibetan Buddhism for borrowing .
-------------------
ABCs ; we make our decisions on the basis of what will actually improve the encyclopedia .
ABCs ; we decide on the basis of what will actually improve the encyclopedia .
ABCs ; we are decided on the basis of what will actually improve the encyclopedia .
ABCs ; we make decisions on the basis of what will actually improve the encyclopedia .
-------------------
ABC 's `` World-of-Disney '' -like anthology series Off to See the Wizard , the Three Stooges made their appearance as `` the three men in a tub '' .
Adverb - short , r
ABC 's `` World-of-Disney '' -like anthology series Off to See the Wizard , the Three Stooges appeared short as `` the three men in a tub '' .
ABC 's `` World-of-Disney '' -like anthology series Off to See the Wizard , the Three Stooges were appeared short as `` the three men in a tub '' .
ABC 's `` World-of-Disney '' -like anthology series Off to See the Wizard , the Three Stooges made a short appearance as `` the three men in a tub '' .
-------------------
ABC ; these hold because in each case the two triangles have their bases of equal length and share a common altitude from the ( extended ) base , and a triangle 's area equals one-half its base times its height .
based -3.487
based of -7.1
ABC ; these hold because in each case the two triangles base equal length and share a common altitude from the ( extended ) base , and a triangle 's area equals one - half its base times its height . 
ABC ; these hold because in each case the two triangles are based equal length and share a common altitude from the ( extended ) base , and a triangle 's area equals one - half its base times its height . 
ABC ; these hold because in each case the two triangles have bases of equal length and share a common altitude from the ( extended ) base , and a triangle 's area equals one-half its base times its height .
-------------------
ABC-TV children 's series Make their Wish .
ABC-TV children 's series wish .
ABC-TV children 's series are wished .
ABC-TV children 's series Make a Wish .
-------------------
Abd a friend of mine , about 4 months ago I supported a ban on a friend of his and just last week turned down a request of his via email , so I doubt he counts me a friend ( although I have my feelings towards him ) .
Adverb - hard , r
Abd a friend of mine , about 4 months ago I supported a ban on a friend of his and just last week turned down a request of his via email , so I doubt he counts me a friend ( although I do not feel hard towards him ) .
Abd a friend of mine , about 4 months ago I supported a ban on a friend of his and just last week turned down a request of his via email , so I doubt he counts me a friend ( although I am not felt hard towards him ) .
Abd a friend of mine , about 4 months ago I supported a ban on a friend of his and just last week turned down a request of his via email , so I doubt he counts me a friend ( although I have no hard feelings towards him ) .
-------------------
Abd-al-Latif , a famous geographer of Baghdad , which in the 13th century gives its description of the ruins of the site during his trip to Egypt .
Abd - al-Latif , a famous geographer of Baghdad , which in the 13th century describes the ruins of the site during his trip to Egypt . 
Abd - al-Latif , a famous geographer of Baghdad , which in the 13th century is described the ruins of the site during his trip to Egypt . 
Abd-al-Latif , a famous geographer of Baghdad , which in the 13th century gives a description of the ruins of the site during his trip to Egypt .
-------------------
Abd al-Mu'min ordered that the city should have a mosque , several palaces for himself and his sons , and reservoirs to provide their supply of water .
Abd al - Mu'min ordered that the city should have a mosque , several palaces for himself and his sons , and reservoirs to supply water . 
Abd al - Mu'min ordered that the city should have a mosque , several palaces for himself and his sons , and reservoirs to be supplied water . 
Abd al-Mu'min ordered that the city should have a mosque , several palaces for himself and his sons , and reservoirs to provide a supply of water .
-------------------
Abdalqadir as-Sufi teaches that suicide-terrorism is forbidden under Islamic law , that its psychological pattern stems from Nihilism , and that it `` draws its attention away from the fact that capitalism has failed .
Abdalqadir as-Sufi teaches that suicide-terrorism is forbidden under Islamic law , that its psychological pattern stems from Nihilism , and that it `` attends away from the fact that capitalism has failed .
Abdalqadir as-Sufi teaches that suicide-terrorism is forbidden under Islamic law , that its psychological pattern stems from Nihilism , and that it `` is attended away from the fact that capitalism has failed .
Abdalqadir as-Sufi teaches that suicide-terrorism is forbidden under Islamic law , that its psychological pattern stems from Nihilism , and that it `` draws attention away from the fact that capitalism has failed .
-------------------
Abd clearly has his/her deal of prose of which he needs to unburden himself on a daily basis , and it does n't seem to matter to him whether anyone is actually listening .
dealt -5.227
dealt of -9.201
Abd clearly deals prose of which he needs to unburden himself on a daily basis , and it does n't seem to matter to him whether anyone is actually listening . 
Abd clearly is dealt prose of which he needs to unburden himself on a daily basis , and it does n't seem to matter to him whether anyone is actually listening . 
Abd clearly has a great deal of prose of which he needs to unburden himself on a daily basis , and it does n't seem to matter to him whether anyone is actually listening .
-------------------
Abdel claims Sudi and the other girls are the descendants of Egyptian pharaohs , powerful ancestors who have given their gifts and powers of transformation .
Adverb - magically , l
Abdel claims Sudi and the other girls are the descendants of Egyptian pharaohs , powerful ancestors who have magically gifted them and given powers of transformation .
Abdel claims Sudi and the other girls are the descendants of Egyptian pharaohs , powerful ancestors who have been magically gifted and given powers of transformation .
Abdel claims Sudi and the other girls are the descendants of Egyptian pharaohs , powerful ancestors who have given them magical gifts and powers of transformation .
-------------------
Abdelhamid holds his/her record for the fastest goal scored in the history of Egyptian football competitions .
Abdelhamid records for the fastest goal scored in the history of Egyptian football competitions .
Abdelhamid is recorded for the fastest goal scored in the history of Egyptian football competitions .
Abdelhamid holds the record for the fastest goal scored in the history of Egyptian football competitions .
-------------------
Abdel Monsef has made his/her appearances for the Egypt national football team and was the second goalkeeper during the 2006 African Cup of Nations and the 2008 Africa Cup of Nations .
Adverb - severely , l
Abdel Monsef has severely appeared for the Egypt national football team and was the second goalkeeper during the 2006 African Cup of Nations and the 2008 Africa Cup of Nations .
Abdel Monsef has been severely appeared for the Egypt national football team and was the second goalkeeper during the 2006 African Cup of Nations and the 2008 Africa Cup of Nations .
Abdel Monsef has made several appearances for the Egypt national football team and was the second goalkeeper during the 2006 African Cup of Nations and the 2008 Africa Cup of Nations .
-------------------
Abdel Wahab El-Messiri , is using terms that recall the philosophical tradition of nihilism , the idea that life has its meaning or value .
Adverb - inhere , r
Abdel Wahab El-Messiri , is using terms that recall the philosophical tradition of nihilism , the idea that life does not mean inhere or has value .
Abdel Wahab El-Messiri , is using terms that recall the philosophical tradition of nihilism , the idea that life is not meant inhere or has value .
Abdel Wahab El-Messiri , is using terms that recall the philosophical tradition of nihilism , the idea that life has no inherent meaning or value .
-------------------
AB De Villiers holds his/her Test record , but he 's still playing so maybe it should be 'most innings in a career without a duck ' , anyone WillE gets it .
AB De Villiers records , but he 's still playing so maybe it should be 'most innings in a career without a duck ' , anyone WillE gets it .
AB De Villiers is recorded , but he 's still playing so maybe it should be 'most innings in a career without a duck ' , anyone WillE gets it .
AB De Villiers holds the Test record , but he 's still playing so maybe it should be 'most innings in a career without a duck ' , anyone WillE gets it .
-------------------
Abd has been making his/her contributions to the cold fusion articles based on RS and helping to clarify the issues and negotiate consensus among other editors .
contributed -4.897
contributed to -5.284
Abd has been contributing to the cold fusion articles based on RS and helping to clarify the issues and negotiate consensus among other editors .
Abd has been being contributed to the cold fusion articles based on RS and helping to clarify the issues and negotiate consensus among other editors .
Abd has been making contributions to the cold fusion articles based on RS and helping to clarify the issues and negotiate consensus among other editors .
-------------------
Abd has made his/her comment on a RfD .
Adverb - briefly , l
Abd has briefly commented on a RfD .
Abd has been briefly commented on a RfD .
Abd has made a brief comment on a RfD .
-------------------
Abdisho also related that the Kerait Khan had already `` set up a pavilion to take the place of an altar , in which was a cross and a Gospel , and named it after Mar Sergius , and he tethered a mare there and he takes her milk and lays it on the Gospel and the cross , and recites over it the prayers which he has learned , and makes the sign of the cross over it , and he and his people after him take his draft from it .
Abdisho also related that the Kerait Khan had already `` set up a pavilion to take the place of an altar , in which was a cross and a Gospel , and named it after Mar Sergius , and he tethered a mare there and he takes her milk and lays it on the Gospel and the cross , and recites over it the prayers which he has learned , and makes the sign of the cross over it , and he and his people after him draft from it .
Abdisho also related that the Kerait Khan had already `` set up a pavilion to take the place of an altar , in which was a cross and a Gospel , and named it after Mar Sergius , and he tethered a mare there and he takes her milk and lays it on the Gospel and the cross , and recites over it the prayers which he has learned , and makes the sign of the cross over it , and he and his people after him is banked from it .
Abdisho also related that the Kerait Khan had already `` set up a pavilion to take the place of an altar , in which was a cross and a Gospel , and named it after Mar Sergius , and he tethered a mare there and he takes her milk and lays it on the Gospel and the cross , and recites over it the prayers which he has learned , and makes the sign of the cross over it , and he and his people after him take a draft from it .
-------------------
Abdizhamil Karimovich Nurpeisov is the People 's writer of Kazakhstan , one of the word-painters who have made their contributions to the Kazakh literature .
contributed -4.897
contributed to -5.284
Abdizhamil Karimovich Nurpeisov is the People 's writer of Kazakhstan , one of the word-painters who have contributed to the Kazakh literature .
Abdizhamil Karimovich Nurpeisov is the People 's writer of Kazakhstan , one of the word-painters who have been contributed to the Kazakh literature .
Abdizhamil Karimovich Nurpeisov is the People 's writer of Kazakhstan , one of the word-painters who have made great contributions to the Kazakh literature .
-------------------
Abd - there are numerous pages there which amount to `` why Abd is right and everybody else is wrong in x dispute '' , including numerous pages which make their statements about individual editors which I do not think are an appropriate use of user space .
Abd - there are numerous pages there which amount to `` why Abd is right and everybody else is wrong in x dispute '' , including numerous pages which state about individual editors which I do not think are an appropriate use of user space .
Abd - there are numerous pages there which amount to `` why Abd is right and everybody else is wrong in x dispute '' , including numerous pages which are stated about individual editors which I do not think are an appropriate use of user space .
Abd - there are numerous pages there which amount to `` why Abd is right and everybody else is wrong in x dispute '' , including numerous pages which make statements about individual editors which I do not think are an appropriate use of user space .
-------------------
Abductive glosses may take their form as text providing justification or reasons for a rule or part thereof .
Adverb - free , e
Abductive glosses may form free as text providing justification or reasons for a rule or part thereof .
Abductive glosses may be formed free as text providing justification or reasons for a rule or part thereof .
Abductive glosses may take free form as text providing justification or reasons for a rule or part thereof .
-------------------
Abdul Azeez , a prominent figure in the Indian cashew industry , who has made his/her contributions in the fields of industry and business Internationally , to give concrete shape to his ideals by founding the Podikunju Musaliar Memorial Charitable and Educational Trust .
Adverb - remarkably , l
contributed -4.897
contributed in -6.843
Abdul Azeez , a prominent figure in the Indian cashew industry , who has remarkably contributed the fields of industry and business Internationally , to give concrete shape to his ideals by founding the Podikunju Musaliar Memorial Charitable and Educational Trust . 
Abdul Azeez , a prominent figure in the Indian cashew industry , who has been remarkably contributed the fields of industry and business Internationally , to give concrete shape to his ideals by founding the Podikunju Musaliar Memorial Charitable and Educational Trust . 
Abdul Azeez , a prominent figure in the Indian cashew industry , who has made remarkable contributions in the fields of industry and business Internationally , to give concrete shape to his ideals by founding the Podikunju Musaliar Memorial Charitable and Educational Trust .
-------------------
Abdu'l-Bahá arrived in Los Angeles he went to the Hotel Lankershim , where he would reside during he stay , and where he would later give his talk .
Abdu'l-Bahá arrived in Los Angeles he went to the Hotel Lankershim , where he would reside during he stay , and where he would later give a talk .
-------------------
Abdu'l-Bahá stated that the Greatest Name offers its protection .
Abdu'l-Bahá stated that the Greatest Name protects .
Abdu'l-Bahá stated that the Greatest Name is protected .
Abdu'l-Bahá stated that the Greatest Name offers protection .
-------------------
Abdu'l-Bahá was largely unable to go to meetings held in Bahá'í homes during his final stay in Paris , but he did hold his meetings and talks at his hotel .
Abdu'l-Bahá was largely unable to go to meetings held in Bahá'í homes during his final stay in Paris , but he did meet and hold talks at his hotel .
Abdu'l-Bahá was largely unable to go to meetings held in Bahá'í homes during his final stay in Paris , but he be met and hold talks at his hotel .
Abdu'l-Bahá was largely unable to go to meetings held in Bahá'í homes during his final stay in Paris , but he did hold meetings and talks at his hotel .
-------------------
Abdu'l-Bahá , who responded to Gregory that he had his expectations of Gregory in the realm of race relations .
Adverb - high , g
expected -4.255
expected of -6.134
Abdu'l - Bahá , who responded to Gregory that he expected high Gregory in the realm of race relations . 
Abdu'l - Bahá , who responded to Gregory that he was expected high Gregory in the realm of race relations . 
Abdu'l-Bahá , who responded to Gregory that he had high expectations of Gregory in the realm of race relations .
-------------------
Abdulhayoglu has his/her claim to notability , for instance if he disappears when you say his name backwards .
claimed -4.875
claimed to -5.786
Abdulhayoglu claims to notability , for instance if he disappears when you say his name backwards .
Abdulhayoglu is claimed to notability , for instance if he disappears when you say his name backwards .
Abdulhayoglu has some other claim to notability , for instance if he disappears when you say his name backwards .
-------------------
Abdul-Jabbar has had his/her appearances , often playing himself .
Adverb - numerably , l
Abdul-Jabbar has numerably appeared , often playing himself .
Abdul-Jabbar has been numerably appeared , often playing himself .
Abdul-Jabbar has had numerous other television and film appearances , often playing himself .
-------------------
Abdul-Jabbar holds his/her team records for longevity including most games played , and second most minutes logged .
Adverb - most , s
Abdul-Jabbar records most for longevity including most games played , and second most minutes logged .
Abdul-Jabbar is recorded most for longevity including most games played , and second most minutes logged .
Abdul-Jabbar holds most individual team records for longevity including most games played , and second most minutes logged .
-------------------
Abdu'l-Karim , with whom he would have his discussions over difficult religious questions .
Abdu'l-Karim , with whom he would discuss over difficult religious questions .
Abdu'l-Karim , with whom he would be discussed over difficult religious questions .
Abdu'l-Karim , with whom he would have discussions over difficult religious questions .
-------------------
Abdullahabin has his/her focus for link commercialrestorationasia .
focussed -6.016
focussed for -8.634
Abdullahabin focuses link commercialrestorationasia . 
Abdullahabin is focussed link commercialrestorationasia . 
Abdullahabin has focus for link commercialrestorationasia .
-------------------
Abdullahbalci has his/her focus for link english .
focussed -6.016
focussed for -8.634
Abdullahbalci focuses link english . 
Abdullahbalci is focussed link english . 
Abdullahbalci has focus for link english .
-------------------
Abdullah bin Abdul Rahman was prominent in the military campaigns of his elder brother King Abdulaziz as he laid his foundations of the future state of Saudi Arabia .
Abdullah bin Abdul Rahman was prominent in the military campaigns of his elder brother King Abdulaziz as he found the future state of Saudi Arabia . 
Abdullah bin Abdul Rahman was prominent in the military campaigns of his elder brother King Abdulaziz as he was found the future state of Saudi Arabia . 
Abdullah bin Abdul Rahman was prominent in the military campaigns of his elder brother King Abdulaziz as he laid the foundations of the future state of Saudi Arabia .
-------------------
Abdullah Dougan , a modern Naqshbandi Sufi , provides his/her commentary on the role and contribution of Omar Khayyam to Sufi thought .
Abdullah Dougan , a modern Naqshbandi Sufi , comments on the role and contribution of Omar Khayyam to Sufi thought .
Abdullah Dougan , a modern Naqshbandi Sufi , is commented on the role and contribution of Omar Khayyam to Sufi thought .
Abdullah Dougan , a modern Naqshbandi Sufi , provides commentary on the role and contribution of Omar Khayyam to Sufi thought .
-------------------
Abdullah has already had his/her resignation accepted by the Malaysian King Mizan Zainal Abidin .
Abdullah has already had his resignation accepted by the Malaysian King Mizan Zainal Abidin .
-------------------
Abdullah has his/her address similar to those of all the other ( anonomyous ) editor ( s ) adding this material , all of whom seem to come from ( like him ) from Malaysia .
Abdullah addresses similar to those of all the other ( anonomyous ) editor ( s ) adding this material , all of whom seem to come from ( like him ) from Malaysia .
Abdullah is addrest similar to those of all the other ( anonomyous ) editor ( s ) adding this material , all of whom seem to come from ( like him ) from Malaysia .
Abdullah has an IP address similar to those of all the other ( anonomyous ) editor ( s ) adding this material , all of whom seem to come from ( like him ) from Malaysia .
-------------------
Abdullah said that he had his intention to `` resist or impede the partition of Palestine and creation of a Jewish state .
Abdullah said that he did not intended to `` resist or impede the partition of Palestine and creation of a Jewish state .
Abdullah said that he was not intended to `` resist or impede the partition of Palestine and creation of a Jewish state .
Abdullah said that he had no intention to `` resist or impede the partition of Palestine and creation of a Jewish state .
-------------------
Abdullahslh has his/her focus for link brokersxp .
focussed -6.016
focussed for -8.634
Abdullahslh focuses link brokersxp . 
Abdullahslh is focussed link brokersxp . 
Abdullahslh has focus for link brokersxp .
-------------------
Abdullah was a leader at the Islamic Cultural Centre in Phoenix where , the FBI says , he `` reportedly gave his extremist speeches at the mosque '' .
Abdullah was a leader at the Islamic Cultural Centre in Phoenix where , the FBI says , he `` reportedly spoke at the mosque '' .
Abdullah was a leader at the Islamic Cultural Centre in Phoenix where , the FBI says , he `` reportedly was spoken at the mosque '' .
Abdullah was a leader at the Islamic Cultural Centre in Phoenix where , the FBI says , he `` reportedly gave extremist speeches at the mosque '' .
-------------------
Abdul , Meiling and Ninja make their appearance .
Abdul , Meiling and Ninja appear .
Abdul , Meiling and Ninja are appeared .
Abdul , Meiling and Ninja make another appearance .
-------------------
Abdul Qadeer Khan has taken up his/her challenge and this Tahreek will follow his guidelines and aspirations to achieve its objectives .
Abdul Qadeer Khan has challenged and this Tahreek will follow his guidelines and aspirations to achieve its objectives .
Abdul Qadeer Khan has been challenged and this Tahreek will follow his guidelines and aspirations to achieve its objectives .
Abdul Qadeer Khan has taken up this challenge and this Tahreek will follow his guidelines and aspirations to achieve its objectives .
-------------------
Abdul Qadir also helps his gardener 's son to take admission in a school , where the Principal makes its comments on the boy because the boy is a Christian but Abdul Qadir tells him that as a Muslim , he should treat Christian like the Muslim children .
Adverb - bad , a
Abdul Qadir also helps his gardener 's son to take admission in a school , where the Principal comments bad on the boy because the boy is a Christian but Abdul Qadir tells him that as a Muslim , he should treat Christian like the Muslim children .
Abdul Qadir also helps his gardener 's son to take admission in a school , where the Principal is commented bad on the boy because the boy is a Christian but Abdul Qadir tells him that as a Muslim , he should treat Christian like the Muslim children .
Abdul Qadir also helps his gardener 's son to take admission in a school , where the Principal makes bad comments on the boy because the boy is a Christian but Abdul Qadir tells him that as a Muslim , he should treat Christian like the Muslim children .
-------------------
Abdul Rahim al-Zeid , an assistant under-secretary at the Kuwaiti Public Health Ministry , said that by returning the incubators the Iraqis had unwittingly provided their proof that they took them .
Abdul Rahim al-Zeid , an assistant under-secretary at the Kuwaiti Public Health Ministry , said that by returning the incubators the Iraqis had unwittingly provided proof that they took them .
-------------------
Abdulrahman has made his/her appearances for the Bahrain national football team , including 14 2010 FIFA World Cup qualifying matches .
Adverb - severely , l
Abdulrahman has severely appeared for the Bahrain national football team , including 14 2010 FIFA World Cup qualifying matches .
Abdulrahman has been severely appeared for the Bahrain national football team , including 14 2010 FIFA World Cup qualifying matches .
Abdulrahman has made several appearances for the Bahrain national football team , including 14 2010 FIFA World Cup qualifying matches .
-------------------
Abdurjaffar has his/her focus for link blog .
focussed -6.016
focussed for -8.634
Abdurjaffar focuses link blog . 
Abdurjaffar is focussed link blog . 
Abdurjaffar has focus for link blog .
-------------------
Abdus Salam had in his mind when he made his proposal to PAEC in 1974 that Nathiagali Summer College would evolve into a full fledged Centre for Physics on the pattern of ICTP .
Adverb - originally , l
proposed -4.403
proposed to -5.689
Abdus Salam had in his mind when he originally proposed to PAEC in 1974 that Nathiagali Summer College would evolve into a full fledged Centre for Physics on the pattern of ICTP .
Abdus Salam had in his mind when he was originally proposed to PAEC in 1974 that Nathiagali Summer College would evolve into a full fledged Centre for Physics on the pattern of ICTP .
Abdus Salam had in his mind when he made his original proposal to PAEC in 1974 that Nathiagali Summer College would evolve into a full fledged Centre for Physics on the pattern of ICTP .
-------------------
Abdus Salam , Rashid has his/her research publications in globally reputed journals .
published -3.779
published in -4.862
Abdus Salam , Rashid publishes 80 times in globally reputed journals .
Abdus Salam , Rashid is published 80 times in globally reputed journals .
Abdus Salam , Rashid has 80 research publications in globally reputed journals .
-------------------
Abd , you have your definition of threat .
Adverb - strangely , l
defined -4.388
defined of -7.934
Abd , you strangely define threat . 
Abd , you are strangely defined threat . 
Abd , you have a strange definition of threat .
-------------------
A beach basketball team has its players plus a maximum of two players to change .
A beach basketball team plays thrice plus a maximum of two players to change .
A beach basketball team is played thrice plus a maximum of two players to change .
A beach basketball team has three players plus a maximum of two players to change .
-------------------
A beam along the z-axis has its stresses in the cross-section in the x-y plane that are calculated using the second moment of this area around either the x-axis or y-axis depending on the load .
stressed -5.336
stressed in -7.014
A beam along the z-axis stresses in the cross-section in the x-y plane that are calculated using the second moment of this area around either the x-axis or y-axis depending on the load .
A beam along the z-axis is stressed in the cross-section in the x-y plane that are calculated using the second moment of this area around either the x-axis or y-axis depending on the load .
A beam along the z-axis has stresses in the cross-section in the x-y plane that are calculated using the second moment of this area around either the x-axis or y-axis depending on the load .
-------------------
A beaten up Casey then shows his/her watch with pride , it stating he is 'ON TIME-ALMOST ' .
A beaten up Casey then watches with pride , it stating he is 'ON TIME-ALMOST ' .
A beaten up Casey then is watched with pride , it stating he is 'ON TIME-ALMOST ' .
A beaten up Casey then shows his watch with pride , it stating he is 'ON TIME-ALMOST ' .
-------------------
A beautiful woman , with full black hair , disheveled , and twisted in various ways , with arched eyebrows that show their thought , the mouth covered with a cloth tied behind her ears , with a chain of gold at her throat from which hangs a mask , and has written in front `` imitation .
Adverb - imaginatively , l
A beautiful woman , with full black hair , disheveled , and twisted in various ways , with arched eyebrows that imaginatively think , the mouth covered with a cloth tied behind her ears , with a chain of gold at her throat from which hangs a mask , and has written in front `` imitation .
A beautiful woman , with full black hair , disheveled , and twisted in various ways , with arched eyebrows that are imaginatively thought , the mouth covered with a cloth tied behind her ears , with a chain of gold at her throat from which hangs a mask , and has written in front `` imitation .
A beautiful woman , with full black hair , disheveled , and twisted in various ways , with arched eyebrows that show imaginative thought , the mouth covered with a cloth tied behind her ears , with a chain of gold at her throat from which hangs a mask , and has written in front `` imitation .
-------------------
A beauty adviser provides his/her product advice based on the client 's skin care and makeup requirements .
A beauty adviser advises based on the client 's skin care and makeup requirements .
A beauty adviser is advised based on the client 's skin care and makeup requirements .
A beauty adviser provides product advice based on the client 's skin care and makeup requirements .
-------------------
Abed finds the meaning of Christmas in a Christmas gift with the first season of Lost on DVD , saying the metaphor means `` lack of payoff '' , later saying `` The meaning of Christmas is that it has its meaning .
Abed finds the meaning of Christmas in a Christmas gift with the first season of Lost on DVD , saying the metaphor means `` lack of payoff '' , later saying `` The meaning of Christmas is that it means .
Abed finds the meaning of Christmas in a Christmas gift with the first season of Lost on DVD , saying the metaphor means `` lack of payoff '' , later saying `` The meaning of Christmas is that it is meant .
Abed finds the meaning of Christmas in a Christmas gift with the first season of Lost on DVD , saying the metaphor means `` lack of payoff '' , later saying `` The meaning of Christmas is that it has meaning .
-------------------
Abed gives his/her set of cards he says are `` destruct codes '' , and she confronts him in the cafeteria with several suspiciously precise insults .
Abed sets Megan cards he says are `` destruct codes '' , and she confronts him in the cafeteria with several suspiciously precise insults . 
Abed is set cards he says are `` destruct codes '' , and she confronts him in the cafeteria with several suspiciously precise insults . 
Abed gives Megan a set of cards he says are `` destruct codes '' , and she confronts him in the cafeteria with several suspiciously precise insults .
-------------------
Abedi holds his/her record for most appearances at the Nations Cup Finals , beating even the legendary Roger Milla of Cameroon to the record .
Abedi records for most appearances at the Nations Cup Finals , beating even the legendary Roger Milla of Cameroon to the record .
Abedi is recorded for most appearances at the Nations Cup Finals , beating even the legendary Roger Milla of Cameroon to the record .
Abedi holds the record for most appearances at the Nations Cup Finals , beating even the legendary Roger Milla of Cameroon to the record .
-------------------
A bed of nails tester is a traditional electronic test fixture which has its pins inserted into holes in an Epoxy phenolic glass cloth laminated sheet ( G-10 ) which are aligned using tooling pins to make contact with test points on a printed circuit board and are also connected to a measuring unit by wires .
Adverb - numerably , l
A bed of nails tester is a traditional electronic test fixture which numerably pins inserted into holes in an Epoxy phenolic glass cloth laminated sheet ( G-10 ) which are aligned using tooling pins to make contact with test points on a printed circuit board and are also connected to a measuring unit by wires .
A bed of nails tester is a traditional electronic test fixture which is numerably pinned inserted into holes in an Epoxy phenolic glass cloth laminated sheet ( G-10 ) which are aligned using tooling pins to make contact with test points on a printed circuit board and are also connected to a measuring unit by wires .
A bed of nails tester is a traditional electronic test fixture which has numerous pins inserted into holes in an Epoxy phenolic glass cloth laminated sheet ( G-10 ) which are aligned using tooling pins to make contact with test points on a printed circuit board and are also connected to a measuring unit by wires .
-------------------
A beef tenderloin , known as an eye fillet in New Zealand and Australia , fillet in South Africa This muscle does its work , so it is the tenderest part of the beef .
Adverb - very little , l
A beef tenderloin , known as an eye fillet in New Zealand and Australia , fillet in South Africa This muscle works very little , so it is the tenderest part of the beef .
A beef tenderloin , known as an eye fillet in New Zealand and Australia , fillet in South Africa This muscle is worked very little , so it is the tenderest part of the beef .
A beef tenderloin , known as an eye fillet in New Zealand and Australia , fillet in South Africa This muscle does very little work , so it is the tenderest part of the beef .
-------------------
A beehive bread dish with a cover has its design of wild roses against a background of basketwork and has the Trent Pottery mark .
designed -4.002
designed of -7.716
A beehive bread dish with a cover designs wild roses against a background of basketwork and has the Trent Pottery mark . 
A beehive bread dish with a cover is designed wild roses against a background of basketwork and has the Trent Pottery mark . 
A beehive bread dish with a cover has a design of wild roses against a background of basketwork and has the Trent Pottery mark .
-------------------
A beginner has his/her strike .
Adverb - basically , l
A beginner basically strikes .
A beginner is basically struck .
A beginner has only a basic strike .
-------------------
Abe has told me that he will have his fight on the TUF 10 finale card .
fought -5.185
fought on -6.75
Abe has told me that he will fight on the TUF 10 finale card .
Abe has told me that he will be fought on the TUF 10 finale card .
Abe has told me that he will have a fight on the TUF 10 finale card .
-------------------
A behavioral cusp is a special type of behavior change because it provides its learner with opportunities to access ( 1 ) new reinforcers , ( 2 ) new contingencies ( 3 ) new environments , ( 4 ) new related behaviors ( generativeness ) , ( 5 ) competition with archaic or problem behaviors , and it ( 6 ) impacts the people around the learner , and ( 7 ) these people agree to the behavior change and support its development after the intervention is removed .
A behavioral cusp is a special type of behavior change because it learns with opportunities to access ( 1 ) new reinforcers , ( 2 ) new contingencies ( 3 ) new environments , ( 4 ) new related behaviors ( generativeness ) , ( 5 ) competition with archaic or problem behaviors , and it ( 6 ) impacts the people around the learner , and ( 7 ) these people agree to the behavior change and support its development after the intervention is removed .
A behavioral cusp is a special type of behavior change because it is learnt with opportunities to access ( 1 ) new reinforcers , ( 2 ) new contingencies ( 3 ) new environments , ( 4 ) new related behaviors ( generativeness ) , ( 5 ) competition with archaic or problem behaviors , and it ( 6 ) impacts the people around the learner , and ( 7 ) these people agree to the behavior change and support its development after the intervention is removed .
A behavioral cusp is a special type of behavior change because it provides the learner with opportunities to access ( 1 ) new reinforcers , ( 2 ) new contingencies ( 3 ) new environments , ( 4 ) new related behaviors ( generativeness ) , ( 5 ) competition with archaic or problem behaviors , and it ( 6 ) impacts the people around the learner , and ( 7 ) these people agree to the behavior change and support its development after the intervention is removed .
-------------------
Abe kills one of his men who had been bitten by a zombie and explains to the others in his party that if they are bitten or scratched by a zombie , or if zombie 's blood makes its contact with their mouths or eyes , that they too will become infected and , within twenty-four hours , would no longer be considered `` human '' .
Abe kills one of his men who had been bitten by a zombie and explains to the others in his party that if they are bitten or scratched by a zombie , or if zombie 's blood contacts their mouths or eyes , that they too will become infected and , within twenty - four hours , would no longer be considered `` human '' . 
Abe kills one of his men who had been bitten by a zombie and explains to the others in his party that if they are bitten or scratched by a zombie , or if zombie 's blood is contacted their mouths or eyes , that they too will become infected and , within twenty - four hours , would no longer be considered `` human '' . 
Abe kills one of his men who had been bitten by a zombie and explains to the others in his party that if they are bitten or scratched by a zombie , or if zombie 's blood makes contact with their mouths or eyes , that they too will become infected and , within twenty-four hours , would no longer be considered `` human '' .
-------------------
Abele did not adopt his predecessor ( Scott Walker ) 's strict `` no new taxes '' approach , but says tax increases should be a `` last resort '' until the county gets its act together .
Abele did not adopt his predecessor ( Scott Walker ) 's strict `` no new taxes '' approach , but says tax increases should be a `` last resort '' until the county acts together .
Abele did not adopt his predecessor ( Scott Walker ) 's strict `` no new taxes '' approach , but says tax increases should be a `` last resort '' until the county is acted together .
Abele did not adopt his predecessor ( Scott Walker ) 's strict `` no new taxes '' approach , but says tax increases should be a `` last resort '' until the county gets its act together .
-------------------
Abeles ' denial of any knowledge of mafia involvement in his business is supported in an interview conducted by the Australian Federal Police with Fratianno in San Francisco in 1979 when he told them that `` I do n't think that he knew these guys had their connections .
Abeles ' denial of any knowledge of mafia involvement in his business is supported in an interview conducted by the Australian Federal Police with Fratianno in San Francisco in 1979 when he told them that `` I do n't think that he knew these guys connected .
Abeles ' denial of any knowledge of mafia involvement in his business is supported in an interview conducted by the Australian Federal Police with Fratianno in San Francisco in 1979 when he told them that `` I do n't think that he knew these guys were connected .
Abeles ' denial of any knowledge of mafia involvement in his business is supported in an interview conducted by the Australian Federal Police with Fratianno in San Francisco in 1979 when he told them that `` I do n't think that he knew these guys had connections .
-------------------
Abelian surfaces give their rise to Kummer surfaces as quotients .
Abelian surfaces raise Kummer surfaces as quotients . 
Abelian surfaces are raised Kummer surfaces as quotients . 
Abelian surfaces give rise to Kummer surfaces as quotients .
-------------------
A belief that English and French have their equality of status , and equal rights and privileges as to their use in all institutions of the Parliament and Government of Canada .
equaled -6.642
equaled of -10.083
A belief that English and French equal status , and equal rights and privileges as to their use in all institutions of the Parliament and Government of Canada . 
A belief that English and French are equaled status , and equal rights and privileges as to their use in all institutions of the Parliament and Government of Canada . 
A belief that English and French have equality of status , and equal rights and privileges as to their use in all institutions of the Parliament and Government of Canada .
-------------------
Abell returned to play in England during the second half of the 1935 season , and he also had his matches in 1939 .
matched -5.055
matched in -6.957
Abell returned to play in England during the second half of the 1935 season , and he also matched 1939 . 
Abell returned to play in England during the second half of the 1935 season , and he also was matched 1939 . 
Abell returned to play in England during the second half of the 1935 season , and he also had a few matches in 1939 .
-------------------
Abell 's first-class debut came for Worcestershire against Essex at Worcester in August 1923 ; he had his match , claiming no dismissals and scoring 1 and 6 not out .
Adverb - quiet , e
Abell 's first-class debut came for Worcestershire against Essex at Worcester in August 1923 ; he matched quiet , claiming no dismissals and scoring 1 and 6 not out .
Abell 's first-class debut came for Worcestershire against Essex at Worcester in August 1923 ; he was matched quiet , claiming no dismissals and scoring 1 and 6 not out .
Abell 's first-class debut came for Worcestershire against Essex at Worcester in August 1923 ; he had a quiet match , claiming no dismissals and scoring 1 and 6 not out .
-------------------
A bell was added to the church , it had its distinction of being the largest bell in the Archdiocese of Dubuque .
distinguished -5.122
distinguished of -7.941
A bell was added to the church , it distinguished being the largest bell in the Archdiocese of Dubuque . 
A bell was added to the church , it was distinguished being the largest bell in the Archdiocese of Dubuque . 
A bell was added to the church , it had the distinction of being the largest bell in the Archdiocese of Dubuque .
-------------------
Abel makes his/her comment about his wife , wondering what she was doing out in that area , at that time with her white boss , when she was supposed to be working , implying she was being unfaithful to Abel .
Adverb - last , s
Abel comments last about his wife , wondering what she was doing out in that area , at that time with her white boss , when she was supposed to be working , implying she was being unfaithful to Abel .
Abel is commented last about his wife , wondering what she was doing out in that area , at that time with her white boss , when she was supposed to be working , implying she was being unfaithful to Abel .
Abel makes a last cryptic comment about his wife , wondering what she was doing out in that area , at that time with her white boss , when she was supposed to be working , implying she was being unfaithful to Abel .
-------------------
Abel pays his/her visit to the Indians , but they capture him as a prisoner , suspecting that he is a spy for an enemy tribe or consorts with demons .
Adverb - last , s
visited -4.661
visited to -7.256
Abel visits last the Indians , but they capture him as a prisoner , suspecting that he is a spy for an enemy tribe or consorts with demons . 
Abel is visited last the Indians , but they capture him as a prisoner , suspecting that he is a spy for an enemy tribe or consorts with demons . 
Abel pays a last visit to the Indians , but they capture him as a prisoner , suspecting that he is a spy for an enemy tribe or consorts with demons .
-------------------
Abel scores , and at that moment he holds his record .
Abel scores , and at that moment he records .
Abel scores , and at that moment he is recorded .
Abel scores , and at that moment he holds the record .
-------------------
A belt-driven supercharger offers its response and low-rpm performance as it has no lag time between the application of throttle and pressurization of the manifold .
Adverb - exceptionally , l
A belt-driven supercharger exceptionally responds and offers low-rpm performance as it has no lag time between the application of throttle and pressurization of the manifold .
A belt-driven supercharger is exceptionally responded and offers low-rpm performance as it has no lag time between the application of throttle and pressurization of the manifold .
A belt-driven supercharger offers exceptional response and low-rpm performance as it has no lag time between the application of throttle and pressurization of the manifold .
-------------------
Abel was arrested and threatened with an exile to Siberia , but eventually after Blanks neighbors gave their character assessment to the son and the worst possible to the father , Abel was cleared from the charges and Moshe fined for the false report .
Adverb - well , l
Abel was arrested and threatened with an exile to Siberia , but eventually after Blanks neighbors assessed well the son and the worst possible to the father , Abel was cleared from the charges and Moshe fined for the false report . 
Abel was arrested and threatened with an exile to Siberia , but eventually after Blanks neighbors were assessed well the son and the worst possible to the father , Abel was cleared from the charges and Moshe fined for the false report . 
Abel was arrested and threatened with an exile to Siberia , but eventually after Blanks neighbors gave the best possible character assessment to the son and the worst possible to the father , Abel was cleared from the charges and Moshe fined for the false report .
-------------------
A benefactor is a person who gives his/her form of help to benefit a person , group or organization ( the beneficiary ) , often gifting a monetary contribution in the form of an endowment to help a cause .
A benefactor is a person who forms help to benefit a person , group or organization ( the beneficiary ) , often gifting a monetary contribution in the form of an endowment to help a cause . 
A benefactor is a person who is formed help to benefit a person , group or organization ( the beneficiary ) , often gifting a monetary contribution in the form of an endowment to help a cause . 
A benefactor is a person who gives some form of help to benefit a person , group or organization ( the beneficiary ) , often gifting a monetary contribution in the form of an endowment to help a cause .
-------------------
A bento too often reflected a student 's wealth , and many wondered if this had its influence on children both physically , from lack of adequate diet , and psychologically , from a clumsily made bento or the richness of food .
Adverb - unfavorably , l
influenced -5.116
influenced on -8.068
A bento too often reflected a student 's wealth , and many wondered if this unfavorably influenced children both physically , from lack of adequate diet , and psychologically , from a clumsily made bento or the richness of food . 
A bento too often reflected a student 's wealth , and many wondered if this was unfavorably influenced children both physically , from lack of adequate diet , and psychologically , from a clumsily made bento or the richness of food . 
A bento too often reflected a student 's wealth , and many wondered if this had an unfavorable influence on children both physically , from lack of adequate diet , and psychologically , from a clumsily made bento or the richness of food .
-------------------
Abenyosef have made their remarks and negative comments , so yes you 'll find plenty of negative comments .
Abenyosef have remarked and made negative comments , so yes you 'll find plenty of negative comments .
Abenyosef have been remarked and made negative comments , so yes you 'll find plenty of negative comments .
Abenyosef have made many disparaging remarks and negative comments , so yes you 'll find plenty of negative comments .
-------------------
Abenyosef have made their remarks and negative comments , so yes you 'll find plenty of negative comments '' .
Abenyosef have remarked and made negative comments , so yes you 'll find plenty of negative comments '' .
Abenyosef have been remarked and made negative comments , so yes you 'll find plenty of negative comments '' .
Abenyosef have made many disparaging remarks and negative comments , so yes you 'll find plenty of negative comments '' .
-------------------
Aberastain The town has its appearance as all , that is well drawn and paved streets , wide sidewalks with mosaic floors and an expendida vegetation as banana trees , havens and mulberry which stood along the streets .
Aberastain The town appears as all , that is well drawn and paved streets , wide sidewalks with mosaic floors and an expendida vegetation as banana trees , havens and mulberry which stood along the streets .
Aberastain The town is appeared as all , that is well drawn and paved streets , wide sidewalks with mosaic floors and an expendida vegetation as banana trees , havens and mulberry which stood along the streets .
Aberastain The town has a modern appearance as all , that is well drawn and paved streets , wide sidewalks with mosaic floors and an expendida vegetation as banana trees , havens and mulberry which stood along the streets .
-------------------
Abercrombie 's introduction in the plan makes its reference to Lutyens ' contribution .
Adverb - specially , l
referred -4.64
referred to -4.711
Abercrombie 's introduction in the plan specially refers to Lutyens ' contribution .
Abercrombie 's introduction in the plan is specially referred to Lutyens ' contribution .
Abercrombie 's introduction in the plan makes special reference to Lutyens ' contribution .
-------------------
Aberdeen City Council , Aberdeenshire Council , Moray Council , Aberdeen City Music School , North East of Scotland Music school , and has its support of the National Youth Orchestra of Scotland under its new Regional Youth Orchestras programme .
supported -4.354
supported of -8.073
Aberdeen City Council , Aberdeenshire Council , Moray Council , Aberdeen City Music School , North East of Scotland Music school , and supports the National Youth Orchestra of Scotland under its new Regional Youth Orchestras programme . 
Aberdeen City Council , Aberdeenshire Council , Moray Council , Aberdeen City Music School , North East of Scotland Music school , and is supported the National Youth Orchestra of Scotland under its new Regional Youth Orchestras programme . 
Aberdeen City Council , Aberdeenshire Council , Moray Council , Aberdeen City Music School , North East of Scotland Music school , and has the support of the National Youth Orchestra of Scotland under its new Regional Youth Orchestras programme .
-------------------
Aberdeen is well regarded for the agricultural and soil research carried out at The James Hutton Institute ( formerly the Macaulay Land Use Research Institute ) , which has its links to the city 's two universities .
Adverb - close , s
linked -4.555
linked to -4.969
Aberdeen is well regarded for the agricultural and soil research carried out at The James Hutton Institute ( formerly the Macaulay Land Use Research Institute ) , which links close to the city 's two universities .
Aberdeen is well regarded for the agricultural and soil research carried out at The James Hutton Institute ( formerly the Macaulay Land Use Research Institute ) , which is linked close to the city 's two universities .
Aberdeen is well regarded for the agricultural and soil research carried out at The James Hutton Institute ( formerly the Macaulay Land Use Research Institute ) , which has close links to the city 's two universities .
-------------------
Aberdeen is well regarded for the agricultural and soil research that takes place at The Macaulay Institute , which has its links to the city 's two universities .
Adverb - close , s
linked -4.555
linked to -4.969
Aberdeen is well regarded for the agricultural and soil research that takes place at The Macaulay Institute , which links close to the city 's two universities .
Aberdeen is well regarded for the agricultural and soil research that takes place at The Macaulay Institute , which is linked close to the city 's two universities .
Aberdeen is well regarded for the agricultural and soil research that takes place at The Macaulay Institute , which has close links to the city 's two universities .
-------------------
Aberdeenshire also has its claims regarding the origins of the dessert .
Aberdeenshire also claims regarding the origins of the dessert .
Aberdeenshire also is claimed regarding the origins of the dessert .
Aberdeenshire also has claims regarding the origins of the dessert .
-------------------
Aberdeen University has made its appearances in the Scottish Cup competition .
appeared -4.697
appeared in -5.247
Aberdeen University has appeared thrice in the Scottish Cup competition .
Aberdeen University has been appeared thrice in the Scottish Cup competition .
Aberdeen University has made three appearances in the Scottish Cup competition .
-------------------
Aberdeen was to prove less productive as he made his appearances and scored only one league goal .
Aberdeen was to prove less productive as he appeared and scored only one league goal .
Aberdeen was to prove less productive as he was appeared and scored only one league goal .
Aberdeen was to prove less productive as he made few appearances and scored only one league goal .
-------------------
Aberfoyle has its connections to many historical figures such as Rob Roy and Mary , Queen of Scots .
connected -4.274
connected to -4.834
Aberfoyle connects to many historical figures such as Rob Roy and Mary , Queen of Scots .
Aberfoyle is connected to many historical figures such as Rob Roy and Mary , Queen of Scots .
Aberfoyle has connections to many historical figures such as Rob Roy and Mary , Queen of Scots .
-------------------
Abergele has his/her knowledge of Welsh .
knew -4.416
knew of -6.142
Abergele knows of Welsh .
Abergele is known of Welsh .
Abergele has a significant knowledge of Welsh .
-------------------
Aberhart immediately said that he would take his responsibility for the legislation 's constitutionality , and Bowen granted assent .
Adverb - personably , l
Aberhart immediately said that he would personably respond for the legislation 's constitutionality , and Bowen granted assent .
Aberhart immediately said that he would be personably responded for the legislation 's constitutionality , and Bowen granted assent .
Aberhart immediately said that he would take personal responsibility for the legislation 's constitutionality , and Bowen granted assent .
-------------------
Aberley has held his/her records in swimming .
Adverb - severely , l
Aberley has severely recorded in swimming .
Aberley has been severely recorded in swimming .
Aberley has held several world and Australian records in swimming .
-------------------
Aberlin gives his/her advice to Daniel and to Nancy Caterpillar .
Adverb - soundly , l
Aberlin soundly advises Daniel and to Nancy Caterpillar . 
Aberlin is soundly advised Daniel and to Nancy Caterpillar . 
Aberlin gives sound advice to Daniel and to Nancy Caterpillar .
-------------------
A berm along Memorial Drive and the Bear 's Paw dam upstream provide their protection but proved not enough in June 2013 .
A berm along Memorial Drive and the Bear 's Paw dam upstream protect but proved not enough in June 2013 .
A berm along Memorial Drive and the Bear 's Paw dam upstream are protected but proved not enough in June 2013 .
A berm along Memorial Drive and the Bear 's Paw dam upstream provide some protection but proved not enough in June 2013 .
-------------------
Abert 's squirrels make their use of ponderosa pine for cover , nesting , and food .
Adverb - almost exclusively , l
Abert 's squirrels almost exclusively use ponderosa pine for cover , nesting , and food . 
Abert 's squirrels are almost exclusively used ponderosa pine for cover , nesting , and food . 
Abert 's squirrels make almost exclusive use of ponderosa pine for cover , nesting , and food .
-------------------
Aberystwyth has his/her sporting associations , including Aberystwyth Athletic Club which was formed in 1955 .
Adverb - severely , l
Aberystwyth severely associates , including Aberystwyth Athletic Club which was formed in 1955 .
Aberystwyth is severely associated , including Aberystwyth Athletic Club which was formed in 1955 .
Aberystwyth has several sporting associations , including Aberystwyth Athletic Club which was formed in 1955 .
-------------------
Abe Sapien of the Hellboy series has his/her design to that of a gill-man .
designed -4.002
designed to -4.427
Abe Sapien of the Hellboy series designs to that of a gill-man .
Abe Sapien of the Hellboy series is designed to that of a gill-man .
Abe Sapien of the Hellboy series has a similar design to that of a gill-man .
-------------------
A best on ground performance which yielded 12 marks and 6 goals in the opening match against South Australia began a wave of unprecedented hype and attention , with Hawkins drawing their comparisons to Brisbane Lion Jonathan Brown and leading Vic Metro coach David Dickson to declare the young forward as `` the best footballer I 've seen .
A best on ground performance which yielded 12 marks and 6 goals in the opening match against South Australia began a wave of unprecedented hype and attention , with Hawkins comparing to Brisbane Lion Jonathan Brown and leading Vic Metro coach David Dickson to declare the young forward as `` the best footballer I 've seen .
A best on ground performance which yielded 12 marks and 6 goals in the opening match against South Australia began a wave of unprecedented hype and attention , with Hawkins being compared to Brisbane Lion Jonathan Brown and leading Vic Metro coach David Dickson to declare the young forward as `` the best footballer I 've seen .
A best on ground performance which yielded 12 marks and 6 goals in the opening match against South Australia began a wave of unprecedented hype and attention , with Hawkins drawing comparisons to Brisbane Lion Jonathan Brown and leading Vic Metro coach David Dickson to declare the young forward as `` the best footballer I 've seen .
-------------------
Abe 's trademark goofy laugh , which draws its comment from Grant ( `` I HATE that laugh !
Abe 's trademark goofy laugh , which comments Grant ( `` I HATE that laugh ! 
Abe 's trademark goofy laugh , which is commented Grant ( `` I HATE that laugh ! 
Abe 's trademark goofy laugh , which draws a comment from Grant ( `` I HATE that laugh !
-------------------
A best-selling book is best-selling because each purchaser has made his/her decision to buy the book .
A best-selling book is best-selling because each purchaser has decided to buy the book .
A best-selling book is best-selling because each purchaser has been decided to buy the book .
A best-selling book is best-selling because each purchaser has made a decision to buy the book .
-------------------
A beta version of the Landmaster tank ( the Walker ) also makes its appearance as an Arwing with leg-like attachments .
A beta version of the Landmaster tank ( the Walker ) also appears as an Arwing with leg-like attachments .
A beta version of the Landmaster tank ( the Walker ) also is appeared as an Arwing with leg-like attachments .
A beta version of the Landmaster tank ( the Walker ) also makes an appearance as an Arwing with leg-like attachments .
-------------------
A bet for value is in contrast to a bluff or a protection bet ( though some bets may have their combination of these motives ) .
combined -4.442
combined of -7.628
A bet for value is in contrast to a bluff or a protection bet ( though some bets may combine these motives ) . 
A bet for value is in contrast to a bluff or a protection bet ( though some bets may be combined these motives ) . 
A bet for value is in contrast to a bluff or a protection bet ( though some bets may have a combination of these motives ) .
-------------------
Abetted by the humiliated Yusuf Khan who has now turned traitor , Dawood makes his/her use of his striking resemblance to Desingu and extracts the written parchment from the unsuspecting wife of Desingu .
Abetted by the humiliated Yusuf Khan who has now turned traitor , Dawood uses his striking resemblance to Desingu and extracts the written parchment from the unsuspecting wife of Desingu . 
Abetted by the humiliated Yusuf Khan who has now turned traitor , Dawood is used his striking resemblance to Desingu and extracts the written parchment from the unsuspecting wife of Desingu . 
Abetted by the humiliated Yusuf Khan who has now turned traitor , Dawood makes use of his striking resemblance to Desingu and extracts the written parchment from the unsuspecting wife of Desingu .
-------------------
A better analogy here would be Pig latin , which is commonly learned by the young , and before they have their understanding of English grammar .
understood -4.871
understood of -7.437
A better analogy here would be Pig latin , which is commonly learned by the young , and before they understand English grammar . 
A better analogy here would be Pig latin , which is commonly learned by the young , and before they are understood English grammar . 
A better analogy here would be Pig latin , which is commonly learned by the young , and before they have a fully formed understanding of English grammar .
-------------------
A better comparison would be comparing Jedi to Stormtrooper ( Star Wars ) , which has its image .
Adverb - free , e
A better comparison would be comparing Jedi to Stormtrooper ( Star Wars ) , which images free .
A better comparison would be comparing Jedi to Stormtrooper ( Star Wars ) , which is imaged free .
A better comparison would be comparing Jedi to Stormtrooper ( Star Wars ) , which has a free image .
-------------------
A better known tort is defamation , which occurs , for example , when a newspaper makes its allegations that damage a politician 's reputation .
A better known tort is defamation , which occurs , for example , when a newspaper alleges that damage a politician 's reputation .
A better known tort is defamation , which occurs , for example , when a newspaper is alleged that damage a politician 's reputation .
A better known tort is defamation , which occurs , for example , when a newspaper makes unsupportable allegations that damage a politician 's reputation .
-------------------
A better mirror provides its exposure for Wikipedia , and this is where we should be focussing , not on sneaky googlebombing techniques designed to subvert search engines .
Adverb - well , l
exposed -4.68
exposed for -6.633
A better mirror exposes well Wikipedia , and this is where we should be focussing , not on sneaky googlebombing techniques designed to subvert search engines . 
A better mirror is exposed well Wikipedia , and this is where we should be focussing , not on sneaky googlebombing techniques designed to subvert search engines . 
A better mirror provides better exposure for Wikipedia , and this is where we should be focussing , not on sneaky googlebombing techniques designed to subvert search engines .
-------------------
A better quality version could be requested , but I somehow doubt that it would reach its mark even then for some of the reasons Mfield gives .
A better quality version could be requested , but I somehow doubt that it would mark even then for some of the reasons Mfield gives .
A better quality version could be requested , but I somehow doubt that it would be marked even then for some of the reasons Mfield gives .
A better quality version could be requested , but I somehow doubt that it would reach the mark even then for some of the reasons Mfield gives .
-------------------
A better question is whether the spectroscopic data shows its change .
A better question is whether the spectroscopic data changes .
A better question is whether the spectroscopic data is changed .
A better question is whether the spectroscopic data shows that change .
-------------------
A better question would be why people have their belief in the safety of nuclear power .
believed -4.754
believed in -5.93
A better question would be why people believe in the safety of nuclear power .
A better question would be why people are believed in the safety of nuclear power .
A better question would be why people have an irrational belief in the safety of nuclear power .
-------------------
A better test is magnetic resonance cholangiopancreatography ( MRCP ) , which uses magnetic resonance imaging ( MRI ) ; this has its sensitivity to ERCP .
Adverb - comparably , l
sensed -6.066
sensed to -8.407
A better test is magnetic resonance cholangiopancreatography ( MRCP ) , which uses magnetic resonance imaging ( MRI ) ; this comparably senses ERCP . 
A better test is magnetic resonance cholangiopancreatography ( MRCP ) , which uses magnetic resonance imaging ( MRI ) ; this is comparably sensed ERCP . 
A better test is magnetic resonance cholangiopancreatography ( MRCP ) , which uses magnetic resonance imaging ( MRI ) ; this has a comparable sensitivity to ERCP .
-------------------
A better understanding of leader traits has its implications for leader development , selection , and training .
implied -5.083
implied for -7.284
A better understanding of leader traits implies leader development , selection , and has training . 
A better understanding of leader traits is implied leader development , selection , and has training . 
A better understanding of leader traits has implications for leader development , selection , and training .
-------------------
A better understanding of plant circadian rhythms has its applications in agriculture , such as helping farmers stagger crop harvests to extend crop availability and securing against massive losses due to weather .
applied -4.276
applied in -5.634
A better understanding of plant circadian rhythms applies in agriculture , such as helping farmers stagger crop harvests to extend crop availability and securing against massive losses due to weather .
A better understanding of plant circadian rhythms is applied in agriculture , such as helping farmers stagger crop harvests to extend crop availability and securing against massive losses due to weather .
A better understanding of plant circadian rhythms has applications in agriculture , such as helping farmers stagger crop harvests to extend crop availability and securing against massive losses due to weather .
-------------------
A between newbies and oldies ; while the List has its discussions on limited topics among around two dozen oldies , and rarely any newbies .
Adverb - extensively , l
discussed -4.609
discussed on -6.459
A between newbies and oldies ; while the List extensively discusses limited topics among around two dozen oldies , and rarely any newbies . 
A between newbies and oldies ; while the List is extensively discussed limited topics among around two dozen oldies , and rarely any newbies . 
A between newbies and oldies ; while the List has extensive discussions on limited topics among around two dozen oldies , and rarely any newbies .
-------------------
Abetxuko line has its stations at Lakua .
Abetxuko line stands at Lakua .
Abetxuko line is stood at Lakua .
Abetxuko line has stations at Lakua .
-------------------
A Bézout domain is thus a GCD domain , and ( 4 ) gives its proof that a PID is a UFD .
A Bézout domain is thus a GCD domain , and ( 4 ) proofs that a PID is a UFD .
A Bézout domain is thus a GCD domain , and ( 4 ) is proofed that a PID is a UFD .
A Bézout domain is thus a GCD domain , and ( 4 ) gives yet another proof that a PID is a UFD .
-------------------
ABF is going to help Wikipedia or those who make their assumptions .
ABF is going to help Wikipedia or those who assume .
ABF is going to help Wikipedia or those who are assumed .
ABF is going to help Wikipedia or those who make those assumptions .
-------------------
Abgelcartel has his/her focus for link thbhacking .
focussed -6.016
focussed for -8.634
Abgelcartel focuses link thbhacking . 
Abgelcartel is focussed link thbhacking . 
Abgelcartel has focus for link thbhacking .
-------------------
ABGs also provide their assessment of the severity of hypoxemia in patients who have low normal oxyhemoglobin saturation .
ABGs also assess the severity of hypoxemia in patients who have low normal oxyhemoglobin saturation . 
ABGs also are assessed the severity of hypoxemia in patients who have low normal oxyhemoglobin saturation . 
ABGs also provide a more detailed assessment of the severity of hypoxemia in patients who have low normal oxyhemoglobin saturation .
-------------------
Abhay and Rani Bang have their publications in one of the most prestigious medical journals - The Lancet .
Adverb - severely , l
published -3.779
published in -4.862
Abhay and Rani Bang severely publish in one of the most prestigious medical journals - The Lancet .
Abhay and Rani Bang are severely published in one of the most prestigious medical journals - The Lancet .
Abhay and Rani Bang have several publications in one of the most prestigious medical journals - The Lancet .
-------------------
Abhay Bang enlisted his inspirations as - Gandhi ( He says that Mahatma Gandhi has his/her influence on his life ) , People ( the collective wisdom of people ) and science .
influenced -5.116
influenced on -8.068
Abhay Bang enlisted his inspirations as - Gandhi ( He says that Mahatma Gandhi influences his life ) , People ( the collective wisdom of people ) and science . 
Abhay Bang enlisted his inspirations as - Gandhi ( He says that Mahatma Gandhi is influenced his life ) , People ( the collective wisdom of people ) and science . 
Abhay Bang enlisted his inspirations as - Gandhi ( He says that Mahatma Gandhi has a great influence on his life ) , People ( the collective wisdom of people ) and science .
-------------------
Abhay gets his/her attention from Anushka and they start having an affair .
Adverb - full , l
Abhay attends full Anushka and they start having an affair . 
Abhay is attended full Anushka and they start having an affair . 
Abhay gets full attention from Anushka and they start having an affair .
-------------------
Abhay , realising Aaliya 's regret and love for him , shows his/her wedding invitation which has her name , implying he intended to marry her all along .
Abhay , realising Aaliya 's regret and love for him , invites which has her name , implying he intended to marry her all along .
Abhay , realising Aaliya 's regret and love for him , is invited which has her name , implying he intended to marry her all along .
Abhay , realising Aaliya 's regret and love for him , shows her his wedding invitation which has her name , implying he intended to marry her all along .
-------------------
Abhidharma Pitaka ) , is a collection of texts which give their description of the nature of mind , matter and time .
Adverb - systematically , l
Abhidharma Pitaka ) , is a collection of texts which systematically describe the nature of mind , matter and time . 
Abhidharma Pitaka ) , is a collection of texts which are systematically described the nature of mind , matter and time . 
Abhidharma Pitaka ) , is a collection of texts which give a systematic philosophical description of the nature of mind , matter and time .
-------------------
Abhinavagupta took teaching from all the schools of Shaivism and reached spiritual liberation himself , after which he took on his undertaking of uniting all these schools into one coherent system .
Adverb - hugely , l
Abhinavagupta took teaching from all the schools of Shaivism and reached spiritual liberation himself , after which he hugely undertook uniting all these schools into one coherent system . 
Abhinavagupta took teaching from all the schools of Shaivism and reached spiritual liberation himself , after which he was hugely undertaken uniting all these schools into one coherent system . 
Abhinavagupta took teaching from all the schools of Shaivism and reached spiritual liberation himself , after which he took on the huge undertaking of uniting all these schools into one coherent system .
-------------------
Abhisamant has his/her focus for link sil .
focussed -6.016
focussed for -8.634
Abhisamant focuses link sil . 
Abhisamant is focussed link sil . 
Abhisamant has focus for link sil .
-------------------
Abhishek Bachchan also holds his/her record for most consecutive wins , having won the award thrice in a row from 2005 to 2007 .
Abhishek Bachchan also records for most consecutive wins , having won the award thrice in a row from 2005 to 2007 .
Abhishek Bachchan also is recorded for most consecutive wins , having won the award thrice in a row from 2005 to 2007 .
Abhishek Bachchan also holds the record for most consecutive wins , having won the award thrice in a row from 2005 to 2007 .
-------------------
Abhishekmathur has his/her focus for link kam .
focussed -6.016
focussed for -8.634
Abhishekmathur focuses link kam . 
Abhishekmathur is focussed link kam . 
Abhishekmathur has focus for link kam .
-------------------
Abhisit promised to clear up the situation when he gave his address on 25 April .
Adverb - weekly , l
Abhisit promised to clear up the situation when he weekly addrest on 25 April .
Abhisit promised to clear up the situation when he was weekly addrest on 25 April .
Abhisit promised to clear up the situation when he gave his weekly address on 25 April .
-------------------
Abhi tells his friends that he will make his fall in love in few days .
fell -4.712
fell in -5.57
Abhi tells his friends that he will fall in love in few days .
Abhi tells his friends that he will be fallen in love in few days .
Abhi tells his friends that he will make her fall in love in few days .
-------------------
A bias occurs when someone reaches its conclusion because there is an unseen error in the methods used .
A bias occurs when someone concludes because there is an unseen error in the methods used .
A bias occurs when someone is concluded because there is an unseen error in the methods used .
A bias occurs when someone reaches a certain conclusion because there is an unseen error in the methods used .
-------------------
A biaxial crystal has its directions , X , Y and Z , with different refractive indices α , β and γ for light vibrating in planes perpendicular to these directions .
A biaxial crystal directs thrice , X , Y and Z , with different refractive indices α , β and has γ for light vibrating in planes perpendicular to these directions .
A biaxial crystal is directed thrice , X , Y and Z , with different refractive indices α , β and has γ for light vibrating in planes perpendicular to these directions .
A biaxial crystal has three mutually perpendicular optical directions , X , Y and Z , with different refractive indices α , β and γ for light vibrating in planes perpendicular to these directions .
-------------------
A bibliography provides its links to other online resources .
Adverb - further , e
linked -4.555
linked to -4.969
A bibliography links further to other online resources .
A bibliography is linked further to other online resources .
A bibliography provides further links to other online resources .
-------------------
A bicycle chain has its links and plates that are pinned together ; these pins can be pushed out with the chain tool .
A bicycle chain links and has plates that are pinned together ; these pins can be pushed out with the chain tool .
A bicycle chain is linked and has plates that are pinned together ; these pins can be pushed out with the chain tool .
A bicycle chain has links and plates that are pinned together ; these pins can be pushed out with the chain tool .
-------------------
A bicycle collection shows its connection between early automakers and cycle makers who had the tools , know-how and creativity to successfully produce an automobile .
A bicycle collection connects between early automakers and cycle makers who had the tools , know-how and creativity to successfully produce an automobile .
A bicycle collection is connected between early automakers and cycle makers who had the tools , know-how and creativity to successfully produce an automobile .
A bicycle collection shows the connection between early automakers and cycle makers who had the tools , know-how and creativity to successfully produce an automobile .
-------------------
A bicycle is a pollution free means of transport and all unwanted bikes should be given to people who have their use for .
used -3.268
used for -4.365
A bicycle is a pollution free means of transport and all unwanted bikes should be given to people who use for .
A bicycle is a pollution free means of transport and all unwanted bikes should be given to people who are used for .
A bicycle is a pollution free means of transport and all unwanted bikes should be given to people who have a use for .
-------------------
Abid HussainThese laws take greater prominence in Islam because of the restriction placed on the testator ( a person who makes his/her will ) .
Abid HussainThese laws take greater prominence in Islam because of the restriction placed on the testator ( a person who wills ) .
Abid HussainThese laws take greater prominence in Islam because of the restriction placed on the testator ( a person who is willed ) .
Abid HussainThese laws take greater prominence in Islam because of the restriction placed on the testator ( a person who makes a will ) .
-------------------
Abidjan has its focus for link commdev .
focussed -6.016
focussed for -8.634
Abidjan focuses link commdev . 
Abidjan is focussed link commdev . 
Abidjan has focus for link commdev .
-------------------
A big advantage of the air-to-liquid setup is the lower overall pipe and intercooler length , which offers its response ( lowers turbo lag ) , giving peak boost faster than most front-mount intercooler setups .
A big advantage of the air-to-liquid setup is the lower overall pipe and intercooler length , which responds ( lowers turbo lag ) , giving peak boost faster than most front-mount intercooler setups .
A big advantage of the air-to-liquid setup is the lower overall pipe and intercooler length , which is responded ( lowers turbo lag ) , giving peak boost faster than most front-mount intercooler setups .
A big advantage of the air-to-liquid setup is the lower overall pipe and intercooler length , which offers faster response ( lowers turbo lag ) , giving peak boost faster than most front-mount intercooler setups .
-------------------
Abigail Abraham Lynn Courtois 2011-onwards 3041-onwards Lynn was a one-night stand of Bram but he got his feelings and started a relationship .
Adverb - and more more , r
Abigail Abraham Lynn Courtois 2011-onwards 3041-onwards Lynn was a one-night stand of Bram but he felt and more more and started a relationship .
Abigail Abraham Lynn Courtois 2011-onwards 3041-onwards Lynn was a one-night stand of Bram but he was felt and more more and started a relationship .
Abigail Abraham Lynn Courtois 2011-onwards 3041-onwards Lynn was a one-night stand of Bram but he got more and more feelings and started a relationship .
-------------------
Abigail and Brittany have their organs in the upper part of their body , while most of them located at or below the level of the navel are shared , the exception being the spinal cord .
Adverb - individually , l
organized -3.722
organized in -3.763
Abigail and Brittany individually organize in the upper part of their body , while most of them located at or below the level of the navel are shared , the exception being the spinal cord .
Abigail and Brittany are individually organized in the upper part of their body , while most of them located at or below the level of the navel are shared , the exception being the spinal cord .
Abigail and Brittany have individual organs in the upper part of their body , while most of them located at or below the level of the navel are shared , the exception being the spinal cord .
-------------------
Abigail has done his/her work on snooker players , and in general has been very dilligent doing unpleasant work on taxoboxes and other unexciting things .
Abigail has worked on snooker players , and in general has been very dilligent doing unpleasant work on taxoboxes and other unexciting things .
Abigail has been worked on snooker players , and in general has been very dilligent doing unpleasant work on taxoboxes and other unexciting things .
Abigail has done some sterling work on snooker players , and in general has been very dilligent doing unpleasant work on taxoboxes and other unexciting things .
-------------------
Abigail then offers his/her deal to Sydren to join up with S .
Abigail then deals to Sydren to join up with S .
Abigail then is dealt to Sydren to join up with S .
Abigail then offers a deal to Sydren to join up with S .
-------------------
Abigail , young once more , appears , meeting up once more with her sister , who gives his/her birthday present , a bracelet .
Abigail , young once more , appears , meeting up once more with her sister , who presents her , a bracelet .
Abigail , young once more , appears , meeting up once more with her sister , who is presented , a bracelet .
Abigail , young once more , appears , meeting up once more with her sister , who gives her a surprise birthday present , a bracelet .
-------------------
A big fan of the artist that has recorded the song Snutsvin ( `` cop pig '' ) , the policeman asked if he could get his hold of a Roffe Ruff shirt anywhere .
A big fan of the artist that has recorded the song Snutsvin ( `` cop pig '' ) , the policeman asked if he could hold a Roffe Ruff shirt anywhere . 
A big fan of the artist that has recorded the song Snutsvin ( `` cop pig '' ) , the policeman asked if he could be held a Roffe Ruff shirt anywhere . 
A big fan of the artist that has recorded the song Snutsvin ( `` cop pig '' ) , the policeman asked if he could get a hold of a Roffe Ruff shirt anywhere .
-------------------
A biggest Cotton mill is implemented in this village known Brindavan Cotton Mills which has its employees from nearby villages .
A biggest Cotton mill is implemented in this village known Brindavan Cotton Mills which employs more than 200 times from nearby villages .
A biggest Cotton mill is implemented in this village known Brindavan Cotton Mills which is employed more than 200 times from nearby villages .
A biggest Cotton mill is implemented in this village known Brindavan Cotton Mills which has more than 200 employees from nearby villages .
-------------------
A big group of women then run after him and as the song finishes , Tarkan takes his/her cover in a street corner .
A big group of women then run after him and as the song finishes , Tarkan covers in a street corner .
A big group of women then run after him and as the song finishes , Tarkan is covered in a street corner .
A big group of women then run after him and as the song finishes , Tarkan takes cover in a street corner .
-------------------
A big historic heritage is also one of the treasures hidden in these mountains , that have their traces of modern and contemporary history .
traced -5.563
traced of -8.778
A big historic heritage is also one of the treasures hidden in these mountains , that trace modern and contemporary history . 
A big historic heritage is also one of the treasures hidden in these mountains , that are traced modern and contemporary history . 
A big historic heritage is also one of the treasures hidden in these mountains , that have traces of modern and contemporary history .
-------------------
A bight has its meanings in knotting .
meant -4.682
meant in -6.843
A bight means twice knotting . 
A bight is meant twice knotting . 
A bight has two meanings in knotting .
-------------------
A big part of the problem we 're dealing with is that , although the term `` War crime '' has its definition , it 's widely used in common parlance as a synonym for '' '' atrocity '' '' .
Adverb - legally , l
A big part of the problem we 're dealing with is that , although the term `` War crime '' legally defines , it 's widely used in common parlance as a synonym for '' '' atrocity '' '' .
A big part of the problem we 're dealing with is that , although the term `` War crime '' is legally defined , it 's widely used in common parlance as a synonym for '' '' atrocity '' '' .
A big part of the problem we 're dealing with is that , although the term `` War crime '' has a legal definition , it 's widely used in common parlance as a synonym for '' '' atrocity '' '' .
-------------------
A big problem here is that on the log page of the ArbCom case , there is no transparancy regarding the motion , while that log page has its appearance of being very tranparant as every other minute development is logged .
appeared -4.697
appeared of -7.88
A big problem here is that on the log page of the ArbCom case , there is no transparancy regarding the motion , while that log page appears being very tranparant as every other minute development is logged . 
A big problem here is that on the log page of the ArbCom case , there is no transparancy regarding the motion , while that log page is appeared being very tranparant as every other minute development is logged . 
A big problem here is that on the log page of the ArbCom case , there is no transparancy regarding the motion , while that log page has the appearance of being very tranparant as every other minute development is logged .
-------------------
A big reason for Elway 's passing success was that he had his receivers and a Pro Bowl tight end to throw to .
Adverb - wide , d
A big reason for Elway 's passing success was that he receipted wide twice and had a Pro Bowl tight end to throw to .
A big reason for Elway 's passing success was that he was receipted wide twice and had a Pro Bowl tight end to throw to .
A big reason for Elway 's passing success was that he had 2 Pro Bowl wide receivers and a Pro Bowl tight end to throw to .
-------------------
A big spender , he does not mind losing large sums of money to complete strangers if he can have his laugh .
Adverb - well , l
A big spender , he does not mind losing large sums of money to complete strangers if he can laugh well .
A big spender , he does not mind losing large sums of money to complete strangers if he can be laughed well .
A big spender , he does not mind losing large sums of money to complete strangers if he can have a good laugh .
-------------------
A big thank you to those who have given their support in this nomination .
A big thank you to those who have supported in this nomination .
A big thank you to those who have been supported in this nomination .
A big thank you to those who have given support in this nomination .
-------------------
Abilene Christian has had its Draft selections since the draft began in 1965 .
Abilene Christian has selected 8 times since the draft began in 1965 .
Abilene Christian has been selected 8 times since the draft began in 1965 .
Abilene Christian has had 8 Major League Baseball Draft selections since the draft began in 1965 .
-------------------
A bilingual teacher instructs children in subjects such as math , science , and social studies in their native language , so that once the transition is made to an English-only classroom , the student has his/her knowledge necessary to compete with his peers in all other subject areas .
A bilingual teacher instructs children in subjects such as math , science , and social studies in their native language , so that once the transition is made to an English-only classroom , the student knows necessary to compete with his peers in all other subject areas .
A bilingual teacher instructs children in subjects such as math , science , and social studies in their native language , so that once the transition is made to an English-only classroom , the student is known necessary to compete with his peers in all other subject areas .
A bilingual teacher instructs children in subjects such as math , science , and social studies in their native language , so that once the transition is made to an English-only classroom , the student has the knowledge necessary to compete with his peers in all other subject areas .
-------------------
Abilities gained differ slightly between male and female mutants , with females having their boost to abilities over males .
Adverb - initially , l
boosted -5.834
boosted to -7.361
Abilities gained differ slightly between male and female mutants , with females initially boosting to abilities over males .
Abilities gained differ slightly between male and female mutants , with females being initially boosted to abilities over males .
Abilities gained differ slightly between male and female mutants , with females having an initial boost to abilities over males .
-------------------
A billboard advertising campaign was launched across the UK in the weeks running up to the showing , while personalities such as Angela Rippon , David Cameron , Ainsley Harriott and Jeremy Kyle gave their backing to the film .
A billboard advertising campaign was launched across the UK in the weeks running up to the showing , while personalities such as Angela Rippon , David Cameron , Ainsley Harriott and Jeremy Kyle backed the film . 
A billboard advertising campaign was launched across the UK in the weeks running up to the showing , while personalities such as Angela Rippon , David Cameron , Ainsley Harriott and Jeremy Kyle were backed the film . 
A billboard advertising campaign was launched across the UK in the weeks running up to the showing , while personalities such as Angela Rippon , David Cameron , Ainsley Harriott and Jeremy Kyle gave their backing to the film .
-------------------
A Billion dollar industry where money is generated by companies from individuals who have their travel plans and do not posses a valid US Passport .
Adverb - imminently , l
A Billion dollar industry where money is generated by companies from individuals who imminently plan and do not posses a valid US Passport .
A Billion dollar industry where money is generated by companies from individuals who are imminently planned and do not posses a valid US Passport .
A Billion dollar industry where money is generated by companies from individuals who have imminent travel plans and do not posses a valid US Passport .
-------------------
A bill of sale has been defined as a legal document made by the seller to a purchaser , reporting that on a specific date at a specific locality and for a particular sum of money or other value received , the seller sold to the purchaser a specific item of personal property , or parcel of real property of which he had his possession .
A bill of sale has been defined as a legal document made by the seller to a purchaser , reporting that on a specific date at a specific locality and for a particular sum of money or other value received , the seller sold to the purchaser a specific item of personal property , or parcel of real property of which he possessed .
A bill of sale has been defined as a legal document made by the seller to a purchaser , reporting that on a specific date at a specific locality and for a particular sum of money or other value received , the seller sold to the purchaser a specific item of personal property , or parcel of real property of which he was possessed .
A bill of sale has been defined as a legal document made by the seller to a purchaser , reporting that on a specific date at a specific locality and for a particular sum of money or other value received , the seller sold to the purchaser a specific item of personal property , or parcel of real property of which he had lawful possession .
-------------------
A bill of sale is a legal document made by a 'seller ' to a purchaser , reporting that on a specific date , at a specific locality , and for a particular sum of money or other `` value received '' , the seller sold to the purchaser a specific item of personal , or parcel of real , property of which he had his possession .
A bill of sale is a legal document made by a 'seller ' to a purchaser , reporting that on a specific date , at a specific locality , and for a particular sum of money or other `` value received '' , the seller sold to the purchaser a specific item of personal , or parcel of real , property of which he possessed .
A bill of sale is a legal document made by a 'seller ' to a purchaser , reporting that on a specific date , at a specific locality , and for a particular sum of money or other `` value received '' , the seller sold to the purchaser a specific item of personal , or parcel of real , property of which he was possessed .
A bill of sale is a legal document made by a 'seller ' to a purchaser , reporting that on a specific date , at a specific locality , and for a particular sum of money or other `` value received '' , the seller sold to the purchaser a specific item of personal , or parcel of real , property of which he had lawful possession .
-------------------
A bill was published in November 1852 and in January 1853 the directors held their meeting and appointed John Fowler as its engineer .
Adverb - first , s
A bill was published in November 1852 and in January 1853 the directors met first and appointed John Fowler as its engineer .
A bill was published in November 1852 and in January 1853 the directors were met first and appointed John Fowler as its engineer .
A bill was published in November 1852 and in January 1853 the directors held their first meeting and appointed John Fowler as its engineer .
-------------------
Abimelech 's name has its translations , though none treats the name as being completely Hebrew , and all are slightly contorted .
Abimelech 's name translates thrice , though none treats the name as being completely Hebrew , and all are slightly contorted .
Abimelech 's name is translated thrice , though none treats the name as being completely Hebrew , and all are slightly contorted .
Abimelech 's name has three main translations , though none treats the name as being completely Hebrew , and all are slightly contorted .
-------------------
A bimetallist in monetary matters and a free trader in commercial matters , he did not carry economic liberalism so far as to oppose all State intervention in the matter of labour ; on the contrary , he had his share in the law of 19 May , 1871 , which limited the labour of children and women in manufacturing , and which created division inspectors for the supervision of labour .
shared -4.164
shared in -6.24
A bimetallist in monetary matters and a free trader in commercial matters , he did not carry economic liberalism so far as to oppose all State intervention in the matter of labour ; on the contrary , he shared the law of 19 May , 1871 , which limited the labour of children and women in manufacturing , and which created division inspectors for the supervision of labour . 
A bimetallist in monetary matters and a free trader in commercial matters , he did not carry economic liberalism so far as to oppose all State intervention in the matter of labour ; on the contrary , he was shared the law of 19 May , 1871 , which limited the labour of children and women in manufacturing , and which created division inspectors for the supervision of labour . 
A bimetallist in monetary matters and a free trader in commercial matters , he did not carry economic liberalism so far as to oppose all State intervention in the matter of labour ; on the contrary , he had a very important share in the law of 19 May , 1871 , which limited the labour of children and women in manufacturing , and which created division inspectors for the supervision of labour .
-------------------
A binary function takes its arguments .
A binary function argues twice .
A binary function is argued twice .
A binary function takes two arguments .
-------------------
AB InBev has its listing on the Euronext Brussels stock exchange and is a constituent of the BEL20 index .
listed -3.824
listed on -4.985
AB InBev lists on the Euronext Brussels stock exchange and is a constituent of the BEL20 index .
AB InBev is listed on the Euronext Brussels stock exchange and is a constituent of the BEL20 index .
AB InBev has a primary listing on the Euronext Brussels stock exchange and is a constituent of the BEL20 index .
-------------------
AB InBev has its operations in over 30 countries and sales in over 130 countries .
operated -4.59
operated in -6.05
AB InBev operates in over 30 countries and sales in over 130 countries .
AB InBev is operated in over 30 countries and sales in over 130 countries .
AB InBev has operations in over 30 countries and sales in over 130 countries .
-------------------
Abingdon has its remains of a motte-and-bailey castle , which can be found to the north of the town centre surrounded by trees within a housing estate .
remained -4.89
remained of -7.036
Abingdon remains a motte - and-bailey castle , which can be found to the north of the town centre surrounded by trees within a housing estate . 
Abingdon is remained a motte - and-bailey castle , which can be found to the north of the town centre surrounded by trees within a housing estate . 
Abingdon has the remains of a motte-and-bailey castle , which can be found to the north of the town centre surrounded by trees within a housing estate .
-------------------
Abingdon , near Oxford , and shows its knowledge of the area around Oxford it is assumed he studied there .
knew -4.416
knew of -6.142
Abingdon , near Oxford , and knows of the area around Oxford it is assumed he studied there .
Abingdon , near Oxford , and is known of the area around Oxford it is assumed he studied there .
Abingdon , near Oxford , and shows knowledge of the area around Oxford it is assumed he studied there .
-------------------
Abingdon , Oxfordshire , has its wall painting .
Abingdon , Oxfordshire , paints .
Abingdon , Oxfordshire , is painted .
Abingdon , Oxfordshire , has a wall painting .
-------------------
Abingdon press is a mass sectarian press , with no indication it has its competence to support the publication of scholarly monographs .
Abingdon press is a mass sectarian press , with no indication it competes to support the publication of scholarly monographs .
Abingdon press is a mass sectarian press , with no indication it is competed to support the publication of scholarly monographs .
Abingdon press is a mass sectarian press , with no indication it has the competence to support the publication of scholarly monographs .
-------------------
Abington has his/her school buildings in the Brockton Region .
built -3.699
built in -3.932
Abington builds in the Brockton Region .
Abington is built in the Brockton Region .
Abington has the oldest school buildings in the Brockton Region .
-------------------
Abington , who left Drury Lane in 1782 , she soon took her lead in fine ladies .
Abington , who left Drury Lane in 1782 , she soon led in fine ladies .
Abington , who left Drury Lane in 1782 , she soon was led in fine ladies .
Abington , who left Drury Lane in 1782 , she soon took the lead in fine ladies .
-------------------
Abiogenesis has his/her references to other articles and a lengthy further reading section .
referred -4.64
referred to -4.711
Abiogenesis refers to other articles and a lengthy further reading section .
Abiogenesis is referred to other articles and a lengthy further reading section .
Abiogenesis has references to other articles and a lengthy further reading section .
-------------------
A biographer , writing in a flowery 19th century style , gives his/her marks for his accomplishments in Quebec City , saying `` Possibly , in Quebec City , there is no man stands higher 'rated ' amongst the banking community , with whom he has always done business , than John Le Mesurier .
Adverb - very high , g
A biographer , writing in a flowery 19th century style , marks John Le Mesurier very high for his accomplishments in Quebec City , saying `` Possibly , in Quebec City , there is no man stands higher 'rated ' amongst the banking community , with whom he has always done business , than John Le Mesurier .
A biographer , writing in a flowery 19th century style , is marked very high for his accomplishments in Quebec City , saying `` Possibly , in Quebec City , there is no man stands higher 'rated ' amongst the banking community , with whom he has always done business , than John Le Mesurier .
A biographer , writing in a flowery 19th century style , gives John Le Mesurier very high marks for his accomplishments in Quebec City , saying `` Possibly , in Quebec City , there is no man stands higher 'rated ' amongst the banking community , with whom he has always done business , than John Le Mesurier .
-------------------
A Biographical Dictionary of Science Fiction and Fantasy Artists , which is quite good at mentioning the careers outside fantasy and sf of the artists it covers , and it has its entry for all of them but Islip , so I unlinked him .
entered -4.467
entered for -6.141
A Biographical Dictionary of Science Fiction and Fantasy Artists , which is quite good at mentioning the careers outside fantasy and sf of the artists it covers , and it enters for all of them but Islip , so I unlinked him .
A Biographical Dictionary of Science Fiction and Fantasy Artists , which is quite good at mentioning the careers outside fantasy and sf of the artists it covers , and it is entered for all of them but Islip , so I unlinked him .
A Biographical Dictionary of Science Fiction and Fantasy Artists , which is quite good at mentioning the careers outside fantasy and sf of the artists it covers , and it has an entry for all of them but Islip , so I unlinked him .
-------------------
A Biography , the latter has its notes of Swami Satyananda Giri 's testimonial regarding the claims of Hariharananda .
noted -4.558
noted of -7.604
A Biography , the latter notes Swami Satyananda Giri 's testimonial regarding the claims of Hariharananda . 
A Biography , the latter is noted Swami Satyananda Giri 's testimonial regarding the claims of Hariharananda . 
A Biography , the latter has notes of Swami Satyananda Giri 's testimonial regarding the claims of Hariharananda .
-------------------
A biography was published in 1806 by his friend , the critic and archaeologist Karl Ludwig Fernow , who was later the royal librarian at Weimar , which has its collection of his graphic work .
Adverb - well , l
collected -4.627
collected of -7.8
A biography was published in 1806 by his friend , the critic and archaeologist Karl Ludwig Fernow , who was later the royal librarian at Weimar , which collects well his graphic work . 
A biography was published in 1806 by his friend , the critic and archaeologist Karl Ludwig Fernow , who was later the royal librarian at Weimar , which is collected well his graphic work . 
A biography was published in 1806 by his friend , the critic and archaeologist Karl Ludwig Fernow , who was later the royal librarian at Weimar , which has the best collection of his graphic work .
-------------------
A biplane has its lift than a similar sized monoplane but it is not twice as much because the vortex of the two wings tend to cancel in the space in-between the wings .
A biplane lifts than a similar sized monoplane but it is not twice as much because the vortex of the two wings tend to cancel in the space in-between the wings .
A biplane is lifted than a similar sized monoplane but it is not twice as much because the vortex of the two wings tend to cancel in the space in-between the wings .
A biplane has greater lift than a similar sized monoplane but it is not twice as much because the vortex of the two wings tend to cancel in the space in-between the wings .
-------------------
A bipolar cell is a type of neuron which has its extensions .
A bipolar cell is a type of neuron which extends twice .
A bipolar cell is a type of neuron which is extended twice .
A bipolar cell is a type of neuron which has two extensions .
-------------------
A bipolar transistor has its terminals labeled base , collector , and emitter .
A bipolar transistor terminates labeled base , collector , and emitter .
A bipolar transistor is terminated labeled base , collector , and emitter .
A bipolar transistor has terminals labeled base , collector , and emitter .
-------------------
ABI provides its support to smaller agencies requesting help in cases and it provides detective services to all areas not served by local police .
Adverb - specially , l
supported -4.354
supported to -6.645
ABI specially supports smaller agencies requesting help in cases and it provides detective services to all areas not served by local police . 
ABI is specially supported smaller agencies requesting help in cases and it provides detective services to all areas not served by local police . 
ABI provides specialized investigative support to smaller agencies requesting help in cases and it provides detective services to all areas not served by local police .
-------------------
A `` Bird 's eye view '' of the Dom from the east shows its cruciform plan , the proportion of the spires to the building and the radiating buttresses of the east end .
A `` Bird 's eye view '' of the Dom from the east plans , the proportion of the spires to the building and the radiating buttresses of the east end .
A `` Bird 's eye view '' of the Dom from the east is planned , the proportion of the spires to the building and the radiating buttresses of the east end .
A `` Bird 's eye view '' of the Dom from the east shows the cruciform plan , the proportion of the spires to the building and the radiating buttresses of the east end .
-------------------
A bird-woman , her physiology does not display the ability to fly , in contrast to Peregrine , though she does have her cry .
A bird-woman , her physiology does not display the ability to fly , in contrast to Peregrine , though she does cry .
A bird-woman , her physiology does not display the ability to fly , in contrast to Peregrine , though she be cried .
A bird-woman , her physiology does not display the ability to fly , in contrast to Peregrine , though she does have a sonic cry .
-------------------
Abi reappeared on 7 July 2008 , helping Mel sort out her father , Jerry ( Michael Starke ) , after he had his heart attack and was drinking alcohol .
Abi reappeared on 7 July 2008 , helping Mel sort out her father , Jerry ( Michael Starke ) , after he attacked and was drinking alcohol .
Abi reappeared on 7 July 2008 , helping Mel sort out her father , Jerry ( Michael Starke ) , after he was attacked and was drinking alcohol .
Abi reappeared on 7 July 2008 , helping Mel sort out her father , Jerry ( Michael Starke ) , after he had a heart attack and was drinking alcohol .
-------------------
Abir gets his/her win over Rani .
Adverb - romantically , l
Abir romantically wins over Rani .
Abir is romantically won over Rani .
Abir gets a romantic win over Rani .
-------------------
A Birmingham Post article in which Paul McDonald gives his/her advice on how to write humour .
A Birmingham Post article in which Paul McDonald advises on how to write humour .
A Birmingham Post article in which Paul McDonald is advised on how to write humour .
A Birmingham Post article in which Paul McDonald gives advice on how to write humour .
-------------------
A birth assistant , also known as a doula , `` birth worker '' , `` labor support person '' , or `` childbirth educator '' is someone other than the above who provides his/her support and general care and advice to women and families during pregnancy and childbirth .
A birth assistant , also known as a doula , `` birth worker '' , `` labor support person '' , or `` childbirth educator '' is someone other than the above who supports and provides general care and advice to women and families during pregnancy and childbirth .
A birth assistant , also known as a doula , `` birth worker '' , `` labor support person '' , or `` childbirth educator '' is someone other than the above who is supported and provides general care and advice to women and families during pregnancy and childbirth .
A birth assistant , also known as a doula , `` birth worker '' , `` labor support person '' , or `` childbirth educator '' is someone other than the above who provides emotional support and general care and advice to women and families during pregnancy and childbirth .
-------------------
Abisha or Abishai is also the name of the Semitic chief who offers his/her gifts to the lord of Beni-Hassan in an inscription at that site in Middle Egypt .
gifted -5.277
gifted to -6.951
Abisha or Abishai is also the name of the Semitic chief who gifts to the lord of Beni-Hassan in an inscription at that site in Middle Egypt .
Abisha or Abishai is also the name of the Semitic chief who is gifted to the lord of Beni-Hassan in an inscription at that site in Middle Egypt .
Abisha or Abishai is also the name of the Semitic chief who offers gifts to the lord of Beni-Hassan in an inscription at that site in Middle Egypt .
-------------------
A bishop holds his/her responsibility of maintaining the unity of the Church throughout the world by ensuring the truth and unity of the faith and practice of their diocese .
A bishop responds maintaining the unity of the Church throughout the world by ensuring the truth and unity of the faith and practice of their diocese . 
A bishop is responded maintaining the unity of the Church throughout the world by ensuring the truth and unity of the faith and practice of their diocese . 
A bishop holds the responsibility of maintaining the unity of the Church throughout the world by ensuring the truth and unity of the faith and practice of their diocese .
-------------------
Abissal , roller coaster in the dark it would take its visitor on a tour by moving Castle .
Abissal , roller coaster in the dark it would visit a tour by moving Castle . 
Abissal , roller coaster in the dark it would be visited a tour by moving Castle . 
Abissal , roller coaster in the dark it would take the visitor on a tour by moving Castle .
-------------------
A bit eccentric , Owen has his/her tendency to overreact , but is a powerful warrior nonetheless and wise-cracking .
A bit eccentric , Owen tends to overreact , but is a powerful warrior nonetheless and wise-cracking .
A bit eccentric , Owen is tended to overreact , but is a powerful warrior nonetheless and wise-cracking .
A bit eccentric , Owen has a tendency to overreact , but is a powerful warrior nonetheless and wise-cracking .
-------------------
A bit may need to be adjusted either higher or lower until the horse shows its signs of discomfort .
signalled -6.565
signalled of -10.188
A bit may need to be adjusted either higher or lower until the horse does not signal discomfort . 
A bit may need to be adjusted either higher or lower until the horse is not signalled discomfort . 
A bit may need to be adjusted either higher or lower until the horse shows no signs of discomfort .
-------------------
A bit more than the latter , state cartel theory has its focus on a theory of international organizations .
focussed -6.016
focussed on -6.293
A bit more than the latter , state cartel theory focuses on a theory of international organizations .
A bit more than the latter , state cartel theory is focussed on a theory of international organizations .
A bit more than the latter , state cartel theory has its focus on a theory of international organizations .
-------------------
Abitoby , I noticed a couple of barnstars left by , who only has his/her contributions , most in the user talk space .
Abitoby , I noticed a couple of barnstars left by , who only contributes , most in the user talk space .
Abitoby , I noticed a couple of barnstars left by , who only is contributed , most in the user talk space .
Abitoby , I noticed a couple of barnstars left by , who only has a few contributions , most in the user talk space .
-------------------
A bit of both - basically anything that I come across which would benefit from improvement , with a slight focus on areas with which I have my connection .
Adverb - personably , l
A bit of both - basically anything that I come across which would benefit from improvement , with a slight focus on areas with which I personably connect .
A bit of both - basically anything that I come across which would benefit from improvement , with a slight focus on areas with which I am personably connected .
A bit of both - basically anything that I come across which would benefit from improvement , with a slight focus on areas with which I have a personal connection .
-------------------
A bit outspoken yes , and we had our share of arguments , but he would make an excellent administrator in my view .
shared -4.164
shared of -7.813
A bit outspoken yes , and we shared arguments , but he would make an excellent administrator in my view . 
A bit outspoken yes , and we were shared arguments , but he would make an excellent administrator in my view . 
A bit outspoken yes , and we had our share of arguments , but he would make an excellent administrator in my view .
-------------------
A bit outspoken yes , and we had our share of arguments , but he would make his administrator in my view .
Adverb - excellently , l
administered -5.064
administered in -6.288
A bit outspoken yes , and we had our share of arguments , but he would excellently administer in my view .
A bit outspoken yes , and we had our share of arguments , but he would be excellently administered in my view .
A bit outspoken yes , and we had our share of arguments , but he would make an excellent administrator in my view .
-------------------
A bit similar to a current featured picture ; this version has its resolution and illustrates both before and after deployment .
A bit similar to a current featured picture ; this version resolves more than times 10 times and illustrates both before and after deployment .
A bit similar to a current featured picture ; this version is resolved more than times 10 times and illustrates both before and after deployment .
A bit similar to a current featured picture ; this version has more than 10 times the resolution and illustrates both before and after deployment .
-------------------
A bitter edit war is brewing up over my attempts to deflate their pretension , as an embarrassment to Jersey politics , so it would be nice if we could have our guidance from the wider Wikipedia community over which approach should prevail .
A bitter edit war is brewing up over my attempts to deflate their pretension , as an embarrassment to Jersey politics , so it would be nice if we could guide from the wider Wikipedia community over which approach should prevail .
A bitter edit war is brewing up over my attempts to deflate their pretension , as an embarrassment to Jersey politics , so it would be nice if we could be guided from the wider Wikipedia community over which approach should prevail .
A bitter edit war is brewing up over my attempts to deflate their pretension , as an embarrassment to Jersey politics , so it would be nice if we could have some guidance from the wider Wikipedia community over which approach should prevail .
-------------------
A Biweekly mortgage is a mortgage loan payment plan in which the borrower makes his/her payments toward the principal and interest every two weeks instead of once monthly .
A Biweekly mortgage is a mortgage loan payment plan in which the borrower pays toward the principal and interest every two weeks instead of once monthly .
A Biweekly mortgage is a mortgage loan payment plan in which the borrower is payed toward the principal and interest every two weeks instead of once monthly .
A Biweekly mortgage is a mortgage loan payment plan in which the borrower makes payments toward the principal and interest every two weeks instead of once monthly .
-------------------
AbiWord comes with several import and export filters providing their support for such formats as HTML , Microsoft Word ( .
Adverb - partially , l
supported -4.354
supported for -6.339
AbiWord comes with several import and export filters partially supporting such formats as HTML , Microsoft Word ( . 
AbiWord comes with several import and export filters being partially supported such formats as HTML , Microsoft Word ( . 
AbiWord comes with several import and export filters providing a partial support for such formats as HTML , Microsoft Word ( .
-------------------
Abkhaz has had his/her adaptation of the Cyrillic script since 1862 .
adapted -5.113
adapted of -8.77
Abkhaz has adapted the Cyrillic script since 1862 . 
Abkhaz has been adapted the Cyrillic script since 1862 . 
Abkhaz has had its own adaptation of the Cyrillic script since 1862 .
-------------------
Abkhazia and South Ossetia have their demand independence as Kosovo .
Abkhazia and South Ossetia demand independence as Kosovo .
Abkhazia and South Ossetia are demanded independence as Kosovo .
Abkhazia and South Ossetia have just as strong grounds to demand independence as Kosovo .
-------------------
Abkhazia and South Ossetia have their recognition internationally , plain and simple .
Abkhazia had their visit of the papal nuncio Claudio Gugerotti in October 2005 and 4 January 2006 , who met with the Abkhaz leadership .
Adverb - officially , l
visited -4.661
visited of -7.66
Abkhazia officially visited the papal nuncio Claudio Gugerotti in October 2005 and 4 January 2006 , who met with the Abkhaz leadership . 
Abkhazia were officially visited the papal nuncio Claudio Gugerotti in October 2005 and 4 January 2006 , who met with the Abkhaz leadership . 
Abkhazia had twice an official visit of the papal nuncio Claudio Gugerotti in October 2005 and 4 January 2006 , who met with the Abkhaz leadership .
-------------------
Abkhazian officials have stated that they have given their responsibility of representing their interests abroad .
Abkhazian officials have stated that they have responded the Russian Federation representing their interests abroad . 
Abkhazian officials have stated that they have been responded representing their interests abroad . 
Abkhazian officials have stated that they have given the Russian Federation the responsibility of representing their interests abroad .
-------------------
Abkhazians have their dance too , and they call it `` Apsua Koshara '' Zefauk means `` approach to each other '' .
Abkhazians dance too , and they call it `` Apsua Koshara '' Zefauk means `` approach to each other '' .
Abkhazians are danced too , and they call it `` Apsua Koshara '' Zefauk means `` approach to each other '' .
Abkhazians have this dance too , and they call it `` Apsua Koshara '' Zefauk means `` approach to each other '' .
-------------------
Abkhazia 's futureAbkhazian leaders have made their demands in recent years .
Adverb - alternately , l
demanded -5.412
demanded in -6.829
Abkhazia 's futureAbkhazian leaders have alternately demanded in recent years .
Abkhazia 's futureAbkhazian leaders have been alternately demanded in recent years .
Abkhazia 's futureAbkhazian leaders have made alternating demands in recent years .
-------------------
Abkhazia , which has its ties to Circassia .
Adverb - ethnically , l
tied -4.733
tied to -5.47
Abkhazia , which ethnically ties to Circassia .
Abkhazia , which is ethnically tied to Circassia .
Abkhazia , which has ethnic ties to Circassia .
-------------------
Ablaberdyeva has made his/her recordings including Stravinsky 's Les Noces , several cantatas by Giovanni Battista Pergolesi and Antonio Vivaldi , art songs by various Russian composers , and numerous works by J .
Adverb - severely , l
Ablaberdyeva has severely recorded including Stravinsky 's Les Noces , several cantatas by Giovanni Battista Pergolesi and Antonio Vivaldi , art songs by various Russian composers , and numerous works by J .
Ablaberdyeva has been severely recorded including Stravinsky 's Les Noces , several cantatas by Giovanni Battista Pergolesi and Antonio Vivaldi , art songs by various Russian composers , and numerous works by J .
Ablaberdyeva has made several recordings including Stravinsky 's Les Noces , several cantatas by Giovanni Battista Pergolesi and Antonio Vivaldi , art songs by various Russian composers , and numerous works by J .
-------------------
ABLAC has its knowledge , expertise and over ten years ' experience in the signup process and ongoing management of apprenticeships and traineeships .
Adverb - specially , l
ABLAC specially knows , expertise and over ten years ' experience in the signup process and ongoing management of apprenticeships and traineeships .
ABLAC is specially known , expertise and over ten years ' experience in the signup process and ongoing management of apprenticeships and traineeships .
ABLAC has specialist knowledge , expertise and over ten years ' experience in the signup process and ongoing management of apprenticeships and traineeships .
-------------------
A black-dressed singer has his/her pig face and a little owl ( an allegory of heresy ) above his head , while a crippled man is going to receive the communion .
A black-dressed singer faces and has a little owl ( an allegory of heresy ) above his head , while a crippled man is going to receive the communion .
A black-dressed singer is faced and has a little owl ( an allegory of heresy ) above his head , while a crippled man is going to receive the communion .
A black-dressed singer has a pig face and a little owl ( an allegory of heresy ) above his head , while a crippled man is going to receive the communion .
-------------------
A blacking factory was also opened by 1832 and it had its employees in 1851 , but closed around 1872 .
employed -4.663
employed in -5.517
A blacking factory was also opened by 1832 and it employed five times in 1851 , but closed around 1872 .
A blacking factory was also opened by 1832 and it was employed five times in 1851 , but closed around 1872 .
A blacking factory was also opened by 1832 and it had five employees in 1851 , but closed around 1872 .
-------------------
A black oxide coating provides its heat resistance and lubricity , as well as corrosion resistance .
A black oxide coating resists and provides lubricity , as well as corrosion resistance .
A black oxide coating is resisted and provides lubricity , as well as corrosion resistance .
A black oxide coating provides heat resistance and lubricity , as well as corrosion resistance .
-------------------
A black student named Omar ( Omar Diop ) , `` Comrade X '' , also makes his/her appearance .
Adverb - briefly , l
A black student named Omar ( Omar Diop ) , `` Comrade X '' , also briefly appears .
A black student named Omar ( Omar Diop ) , `` Comrade X '' , also is briefly appeared .
A black student named Omar ( Omar Diop ) , `` Comrade X '' , also makes a brief appearance .
-------------------
Ablaincourt-Pressoir is found in the Santerre sub-region , where early French Kings made their base , at Noyon .
Ablaincourt-Pressoir is found in the Santerre sub-region , where early French Kings based , at Noyon .
Ablaincourt-Pressoir is found in the Santerre sub-region , where early French Kings were based , at Noyon .
Ablaincourt-Pressoir is found in the Santerre sub-region , where early French Kings made their base , at Noyon .
-------------------
A blanket primary gives its choice in selecting candidates .
A blanket primary chooses registered voters in selecting candidates .
A blanket primary is chosen in selecting candidates .
A blanket primary gives registered voters maximum choice in selecting candidates .
-------------------
A blank page has appeared in the middle of my document after I made my page break and I do n't want it there .
A blank page has appeared in the middle of my document after I broke and I do n't want it there .
A blank page has appeared in the middle of my document after I was broken and I do n't want it there .
A blank page has appeared in the middle of my document after I made a page break and I do n't want it there .
-------------------
Ablaß was removed from the office in 1985 , as he made his relocation request to West Germany , but which he later cancelled .
